What did their father always say about the place?
Where was cousin's house located?
The author believes that the cousin's father:
What did the main character do for a living?
What would the father claim to have some power and control over?
When Fall came I went back to:
What is the relation to Nona?
Who is described as a Jack-Ass?
Why was this character surprised their cousin was their maid of honor?
Whose house was on the coast?
Who was the English Professor?
Heading back to New Jersey took roughly how long?
Who is described as a jack-ass:
After the events in the text what does the author think about the cousin?
During what time of the year was this character sent to their cousins house?
Where did author go to school?
What was the name of the Maid of Honor:
What is true about the narrator?
What is my mom's profession?
What is obvious about the father's personality?
Where did the main character go immediately after school was out?
Who went back to New Jersey?
The author believes that their cousin:
How long were they forced to interact with the cousin who later be ame maid of honor?
Why was this character sent away after each school year?
The author was planning to travel to New Jersey when:
My summer stay in New Jersey probably lasted:
What is probably true about the cousin's father?
What is probably true about the beast's bite?
Who was the largest of the tree:
Who became a murderer?
Where was Ranur's body disposed?
Why was Ranur the one who was hurt?
Who held a curved sword?
Who struck down the beast by shooting an arrow?
Where did the arrow pierced Ranur?
From what or whom did the roar came from?
What was the color of the beast's fur?
Why did Lorfel and Ranur hunted beasts?
Who was concerned about his companions' injuries?
Why Char killed Ranur?
Who bit Ranur?
When did the roar happen?
The beast was infected with:
The balloon was filled with:
Why was there blood?
How long did the silence last for?
Who probably killed the beast?
Who held a curved sword?
Ranur probably died:
Immediately after the end of this text, Ranur is:
Who spoke with urgency?
The conversation between Char, Ranur and Lorfel probably lasted:
What was done with Ranur's body?
What is true about Char?
When did an arrow pierced through the darkness?
After the end of this text, Ranur is:
Why was Patch hungry?
What is probably true about Patch?
Who was hungry?
When was the last time it snowed?
Immediately after the end of this text, how safe was Patch?
Patch began to look for acorns:
What is probably true about Patch?
What was very comfortable for Patch?
Why was Patch hungry?
Patch left the drey:
Why was Patch hungry?
What is a squirrels home called?
The wind blew for:
When was Patch awakened?
Immediately after the end of this text, how hungry was Patch?
What kind of animal is Patch?
Patch believed his drey was:
When he emerges from his drey, Patch believes that:
What was Patch afraid of?
Who is Patch's friend?
What is in Patch's home?
How does Patch get to his drey?
Who was hungry?
How often does Patch need to eat to avoid feeling hungry:
Winter probably lasted:
Patch will probably eat:
After emerging from his drey, Patch:
How many other animals live with Patch?
On which planet does this story take place?
Martha is now a:
Who did the author describe as "a little crazy?":
Whose name was on the package?
How many days after Walter's death was his funeral held?
The writer found out about Walter's death:
What was the author expecting from Walter the day after he died?
At the funeral, the author thinks that:
What did the writer get the day before the funeral?
How did Walter die?
Immediately after the end of this text, the package is:
Martha is:
What did the writer say after shaking Martha's hand?
The author believes that:
What type of condition was it awkward to observe someone in?
Why did the writer think he might hear Walter's voice?
Where did the author go on April 3?
What time of day did Walter die?
When did Walter die?
Immediately after the end of this text, how does the author feel?
Breakfast lasted most likely:
What is probably true about Martha?
Why did the author think Walter's death might be a joke?
Who did the author not know that well?
Why was Martha in hysterics?
Why did the writer assume the package was a painting?
How is Martha feeling at the funeral?
Are art professors valued in the writer's community?
Who rode the weekly Zephyr speedball to the town?
What did James H Johnstone tip Tommy Benson?
where was I born?
How did the Saints come to run most of the general stores in New Jerusalem?
Where does the main character believe James H Johnstone live?
The main character thought that
What is probably true about father?
People in Utah all believed Pa is an Ambassador for
How long was Pa gone for?
My Pa disappeared somewhere in the wilds
After he end of the story, who takes over the general store?
Why was the main character upset?
who was the Ambassador
why my father told me we'd be going away for a while
Who dissapeared?
after  the end of this story, the narrator is:
When did the children of New Jerusalem gather around Tommy?
I was in new Jerusalem for
The businessman fidgeted with the gold band on his finger:
What is true about the hobo?
Who carried plastic shopping bags?
Why did the narrator like taking public transportation?
Who was the hobo?
On the public transportation, the author thinks about:
What is true about the author?
The author's ride on public transportation probably lasted:
Immediately after the end of this text, the author is:
The businessman is:
Where was the narrator probably in this story?
Why did the businessman fidget?
The hobo pointed his finger:
What did the author watch on public transportation?
Who is the narrator?
What is probably true about the author
How long was the narrator probably on the train?
Immediately after the end of this text, the Vietnamese woman is:
Who fidgeted with his wedding ring?
The author believes that studying the rest of the passengers:
The businessman is:
Who thought that the nurses had the same husband?
Who was dropped off at the hospital?
What probably happened to Mia?
Why was Mia in the hospital?
Immediately after the end of this text, Mia feeling
When did the man go through Mia's pockets:
How long was Mia probably in the hospital?
What is probably true about he nurse?
Who is the man who brought Mia to the hospital?
Where is Mia
After the end of the story, Mia was:
Who is the narrator?
Who brought Mia to the hospital?
What was the main character thinking
Why was Mia at the hospital?
When did narrator talk to a doctor?
What is in Mia's pocket?
Who belived Mia have been drinking?
why is it so hot?
who sat outside of the arena
What is probably true about women screaming
When was the arena build?
After the end of this story
How long did the event probably last?
what happened to the slaves
why does this story probably occur?
why were civilians and slaves drinking?
how long did the ceremony probably last?
who is the author
what happens after the celebration
The soldiers watched beautiful girls being raped
Whose soldiers watched the games in silence?
what is an octagonal arena
Who is Dan Trex
who belives girls were raped
Author believes that
Barend and the author are now:
Where did the author and Barend meet?
What is probably true about Barend?
When did the author become friends with Barend?
Barend and the author became friends:
Barend was:
Why did Barend's shadow caught the narrator's eye?
Barend become famous for burying bodies:
Why did the author notice Barend?
What color was the sky on the day they met?
What games did they play during kindergarten?
What is probably true about the author?
Barend is infamous for?
How long the narrator and Berand were probably friends?
How long ago was the author probably friends with Barend?
Why did the narrator and Berand remain friends?
Who is the most invisible character?
When the author first met Barend he thought Barend was:
What did Barend invented?
Whose shadow was attractive?
Who had one of the most attractive shadows the author had ever seen?
How long did the narrator gazed at the sun?
The author believes that Barend's shadow:
Barend is probably:
Immediately after the end of this text, author:
Immediately after the end of this text,Barend and the author are probably:
Why did the author befriend Barend?
Immediately after the end of this text, Barend is:
the girls decided to get on the bus
Dara thought it was so cool:
Dara and Jody became friends during a math lesson:
It is probably true that
Right after they got on the bus
What is probably true about Jody?
After the end of the story
who ate the apple?
Dara thinks of Jody
How long did Dara and Jody probably ride the bus?
Why were the girls at the bus stop?
Why did Jody vomit?
Who choked on the apple?
Why are Jody and Dara from different scenes at school?
Dara and Jody probably laughed for:
The girls ate the apple
What were girls eating?
Why were Dara an Jody breathless?
Immediately after the end of this text, the author knows:
What is "it" that the author says was a dream, a place and a memory?
Why did Grandma Bette say that the family had black hair and black eyes?
What prompted Grandma Bette to discuss the Black Dutch?
What was considered to be a dream, a place, then a memory?
What place Pa built?
Why did the narrator warned the reader?
Why did Grandma Bette believe that Pa couldn't know certain facts in his stories?
What created the black Dutch?
What is true about the narrator?
What were the Nixes when they came to North America?
What happens after the author looks down the river?
What is probably true about the author?
Grandma Bette made a face because?
Where is the Suwannee River?
What is probably true about Pa?
What was always a mystery to the writer of the story?
How many brothers Pa had?
Immediately after the end of this text:
Whose stories were not always true?
How long have the Nixes probbaly lived in North America?
Her father built the place:
The author thinks that Dogland is in:
How long did it take for the author's father to build Dogland?
What were the 2 things that Pa told the author about the Nix family that Grandma Bette doubted were true?
Why did the Nixes migrate to North America?
Why did Grandma Bette make a face and later not say a word for half an hour or more?
Why did he not go to the reunion?
Who has red hair?
When did Dennis shake  the narrator's hand?
What made him ashamed of his shirt?
Who thinks that Dennis does not look the same as he did in high school
What color was Dennis's suit?
Who had a gray suit on?
The narrator is currently
Dennis and the author's meeting probably lasted:
Why did the narrator missed the reunion?
What is Dennis's job?
Who says that the author looks fit and in shape?
The narrator missed what event?
Immediately after the end of this text, the author is:
What is Dennis's profession?
Charlene is :
What was the scene on Dennis's calendar?
How did Dennis try making him feel better?
Why did the narrator not attend the reunion?
How long does it take Dennis to run laps at Jefferson High School?
How did the narrator probably stayed in shape?
What event did the character miss out on?
Where did the two man probably meet?
What color is the secretary's hair?
Immediately after the end of this text, Dennis is:
How long was probably the reunion meeting?
Where is the ski scene in the office?
The discussion about the reunion took place:
What is probably true about the narrator?
Why was Manny looking at the man by the cart?
The white girl probably:
What was the white girl wearing?
Manny was probably driving:
Who was smoking a cigar?
Why did Manny slow down?
What was the weather like?
Manny probably?
Why did Manny stepped out into the heat?
What is Manny's job?
Immediately after the end of this text, the girl is:
Manny wants to belive that:
Manny thinks that:
Who slammed on the brakes?
Why did the girl step in front of the van?
Manny saw the man in the coat tail suit:
Who smoked a cigar?
How long was the actual collision between the van and the girl?
Immediately after the end of this text, the girl is:
Who is the girl?
Where are the tourists standing?
The white girl is:
When did Manny strike the girl with his van?
What is probbaly true about Manny?
The girl was hit by the van:
How long did Manny probably drive with a van full of passengers before he had an accident?
Where was Manny driving?
What was Jason drinking:
Immediately after the end of this text, Sondra is:
Sondra talked to Jason:
What is probably true about Jason?
Sondra is:
Jason introduced himself:
Why was Sondra thirsty?
Sondra had known how to play the guitar for probably:
Who thought that Jason was not a bad-looking guy?
What is probably true about Jason?
What is probably the relationship between Sondra and Joe?
Who drank Diet Coke?
Who was sick of the music business?
Immediately after the end of this text, Sandra is:
Why did Jason go to the bar?
What is Jason's job:
What instrument does Sondra play?
How long was Sondra most likely singing for?
Why did Sondra think Jason was a talent agent:
Jason thinks that Sondra has:
Sondra wants:
How is Sondra's singing career probably going?
When did Jason sit down next to Sondra?
What did Sondra drink?
How long has Sondra been probably performing for?
Who was 6'2" tall?
What job does Jason have?
The main character is:
What is the relationship between the narrator and Harnie?
The stranger asked about the dead fiddler:
What did the two men start talking about?
The stranger believes that:
How long had it been since a client arrived?
What is probably true about the stranger?
The conversation probably lasted:
what day did the events take place?
Who did the man ask for?
Why was the narrator surprised at the stranger's question?
Why was the main character impressed?
Where does this story take place?
What was probably stranger's race?
What is true of the man with the car?
Who drove the '37 Buick Roadmaster?
Who is the dead fiddler?
What color car was the stranger driving?
Who pulled up at the scene?
How did Harnie and the author meet?
Where did the rain roll down on the car?
The man smoked a cigarette:
Immediately after the end of this text, where are the characters headed?
The stranger believes that:
Immediately after the end of this text, the stranger:
what action was occuring when the topic of the dead fiddler was brought up?
What did the man pull out of his vest?
He probably thinks the cars driving by might mistake him for what?
What is his jacket made out of?
Why is the young man walking in the rain?
Why the narrator is upset?
Why the narrator is thinking of England?
The young man feels that:
Immediately after the end of this text, the narrator is
What is most likely true about the young man in the story?
The rain storm in the story most likely lasted:
The character in the story thinks of England and Scotland:
The narrator is probably thinking about England for?
Who might look at the main character and see that he is only wet?
What does the young man not have at the time of the story?
The young man after the passage most likely:
The young man wondered what other people might think of him:
Who is thinking of England?
The narrator says
Why was the young mans jacket chilly?
Why did Edmund take his life?
Dr. V revived
Why did he want to die?
The author took the elixir
Who is Lily?
Where did Dr. V prove him his elixir would work?
what happens after the elixir is taken
why did the author do this?
this event probably lasted
Why does Dr. V probably make the elixir?
who took the elixir
who believes this elixir works
after the end of the story, the author;
What happened to the chambermaid?
what did the author drink
How long is the chambermaid was probably dead for?
What he thinks about the chambermaid being stabbed with the syringe?
what is probably true about the author
How far was he sitting in the water?
Who is the dead man?
Where do they put the body?
What was the main character's name?
What was the cause of death?
What does Dan probably believe about the cause of death?
Immediately after the end of this text, Wilson
When did Dan get a coke?
How long did the retrieval of the body probably take?
Whose mouth was dry?
Who got coke out of the cooler?
Who believes that it was not an accidental drowning?
Who says that they want to know who the body is?
After the end of this story, Dan:
When did the murder happen?
What was probably wrong with the corpse?
Why does Sam believe the body was an accidental drowning victim?
Dan probably retrieved the body in:
Who is Phillip Dick?
How long did the meeting probably last?
Why was the narrator irritated?
After three cups of coffee the author was:
Why is William probably fidgeting with his sugar packet?
How does he feel after William told him about Phillip.
The meeting between the author and White probably took:
Who ignored his coffee?
Who died shortly after birth?
Why was did the author stopped William from fidgeting with the sweetener packet?
What was the author's likely physical condition when he met with William?
When did William place both index fingers on the sweetener packet?
What was the relationship between Dick and Jane?
Why did William have 3 cups of coffee already?
What the narrator thinking about the meeting with William?
What was White's occupation?
Immediately after the end of the text,
What did William say contributed to Dick's drug abuse problem?
what I responded to mrs D
between my parents' wedding and my birth probably lasted
what is probably true of the author when Ms. D pushes his buttons
who was driving the car
Who is Ms D
the author's wife thinks
after the story ends, the character
I was born
why was the character born early?
what was in the road
i was born
the car accident probably lasted
who questioned my birth date?
the author was born
why was i born nine months after my parents wedding?
who is the author
what is probably true about the author?
Mrs D believes that
Who would be sent to the cellar?
it probably took a long time to make the poutines
It probably took this long to make poutines:
She thought that the potato tendrils could be
What potato dishes has she made as an adult?
When the narrator was transported to the grandmother's kitchen
What is probably true of Quebecians?
we thought we were being punished
what would we eat?
What probably made the children visualize unpleasant creatures and monsters?
Why we did not like being sent to the cellar
Why did she go into the basement?
After the story ended the main character made
poutines are considered?
When did I have a Proustian moment?
After being sent down into the cellar
Who borrowed the grater?
What is another name for a poutines?
the childrens speaking
the children learned to speak both languages
When TV, radio and print rely for much of their content on the sad stories of those 'victims' of life
parents believe that
who is telling the story?
who is the author
how long probaby broher and sister both spent learning everything in French
who both spent six years learning everything in French
what is probably true of the author
after the end of the story
why was the author in misery
The parents believed that
how long of a timespan is this story
what did the author eat
what religion was brought up
what is probably true about P. Arsenault
why was I brought up Catholic
After this story ends, the children spoke
What type of fish is the author using?
What creature did the narrator likely use in his revenge plot?
What did the fish have "more of than any other fish?"
What does the narrator probably plan to do with the fish?
The narrator received the fish
Where is the narrator residing?
The author thawed out the fish
how long was the author probably there?
After thawing out the fish
How long did the fish probably thaw in the sink?
What does the narrator believe is a dish best served cold?
why did the author believe he wanted revenge on Scut
Who returned from the Farmer's Market with a four-pound fish?
who is this person
where was the author probably located
after he deboned the fish, Scut probably
why was the author using the fish?
Why did it take the narrator all day to thaw the fish in the sink?
Why men at Bridges House called Locotus Grandpa Munster:
Who is the author?
Which of these does the author believe social etiquette requires people to bring to a meal?
What is a probably cuppa joe?
What is traditionally expected of a dinner guest?
Who acted as a mentor at Bridges House?
Who was the author's best friend?
After the end of this story the author:
How long did the author probably believe it would take to unintentionally sever a relationship?
The author lived in Bridges House:
After the end of the story, the author:
What is probably true about Locutus?
When he was introduced to dining for pleasure the author lived:
Why was Locutus called Grandpa Munster by his residents?
The author thought that the Don waw:
Locutus was probably the Don of the residence for how long?
Who was in charge of the housing:
Was Locutus a pushover?
the author probably:
Where did the president go on to greener fields?
How long did the engineer's president probably work at their company?
this story went on for probably:
What is authors role as an engineer?
the author decides:
Why did the cell phone manufacturing project was not complete?
What did the engineer think about Fergus?
immediately after the end of this text, what is probably true about the author's boss?
When did the narrator have to get permission?
after being told no what did the author do?
Where was this project done?
the author believes:
What kind of manufacturing business did author help set up?
What is probably true about the engineer?
What makes you think differently that makes you an engineer?
after the story ends:
who is the author?
Why the author asked for more money:
the author's boss
Who visited Marnie in the hospital?
Who is going out with Deborah's boyfriend now?
Marnie was probably disliked by Deborah for:
Deborah added the most makeup to her face:
Where did the car accident occur?
What did Black South Lane portend?
What does Deborah tells Marnie the good news is?
Deborah believes that Marnie is:
Deborah stayed at the hospital:
After the end of the story, Deborah is:
Deborah gave Marnie flowers:
Where does the carnival queen reign?
What's Deborah's boyfriend's name?
Why does Deborah think Marnie won carnival queen?
Who felt an ache in her side when Marnie woke up?
At the end of this story Deborah decides:
Deborah's analyst would probably ask her:
What is likely true about Deborah?
Which word describes Shandor's mother?
When Shandor returned he thought his house looked:
where was shandor sent for 3 years?
Shandor went to put out his dad's eye:
How long did Shandor's shooting spree likely last?
why was shandor so crazy?
Why did Shandor spent time in borstal?
When did Shandor confront his mother?
who found the identity of his father?
Who shot with an air rifle?
Shandor finally flipped:
Immediately after the end of this text, Shandor lives in:
What was Shandor's mother reaction when he faced her?
What age was Shandor after going to borstal?
Which emotion did Shandor probably felt when he found out about his half-brothers?
Shandor was probably in jail for:
shandor believes that:
at the end of the story, shandor probably:
shandor was probably feeling angry:
Who slapped the truth out of Trisha?
why did the author help Trisha?
Keith took Trisha to the woods:
does trisha still have the tattoo?
Immediately after this story ends, what happens to trisha?
Who was Keith?
Trisha wanted to be assosiated with Playboy:
Why did Keith pin the word to Trisha's arse?
trisha probably worked to get money:
The author's photo seesions most likely lasted:
who is trisha?
trisha lives in a neighborhood:
Trisha probably did not:
After the end of this story, Trisha is:
who wanted to be a playboy bunny?
What was probably true about Keith?
Where did Trisha start putting out when she was fifteen?
Who believes Trisha and the author are too close?
How long did it take Trisha's step-dad to slap out the truth?
what does the author think of keith?
After the end of the story:
Why was Jason kept by the cops for two days?
Where were Jason and Carly taken?
How old is Jason?
what is probably true about jason?
Jason said:
Who went missing?
how long were jason and carly probably gone for?
How was Jason treated after being released from the cops?
who is jason?
Who was beamed up?
Why did Jason volunteer drug and drink tests?
How long Jason probaby was at the planet Zog?
When were Jason and Carly abducted by aliens, according to Jason?
Is carly safe at home?
What does Jason believe happened to Carly?
Why was jason in jail?
Jason and Carly were beamed up by aliens:
The narrator and Mitzi would eat trout:
Who is the author?
the author fried up a rainbow trout
After the end of the story, the narrator and Mitzi:
who did the author date?
Who said Mitzi was as thin as an ear of barley?
What does the narrator think is different since the event took place?
The narrator probably spent this much time on his rendezvous with Mitzi:
What is probably true about the author?
Who thinks the sun somehow looks different now?
Whose hair smelled of bonfires?
At the end of the story, what happened to Mitzi barker?
Why did the narrator prefer a dead and dumb lass?
Their relationship probably lasted?
why was he always making her trout?
Is Mitzi still around?
Who is the narrator?
What is probably true about Mitzi?
Why was breastfeeding impossible?
why did jimbob hate leaving the farm?
at the end of the story Jimbob:
who has a monkey child?
Jimbob Blakey hair become thiker
Why does his mom love Jimbob so much?
why is jimbob thought as different?
how long was Jimbob blakely's birth?
What is special about jimbob?
What did Jimbob's mother do after the nursery called?
Who weighed almost thirteen pounds at birth?
what is probably true about jimbob?
Where was Jimbob sent for socialization?
What do the neighbors and church goers think about Jimbob?
does jimbob have any friends?
How long did herding the animals probably take?
Jimbob scared the other kids:
What is wrong with Jimbob?
Who smelled the French Market?
What is most likely true about Malone:
After the end of this story, Malone becomes:
What was the weather like in New Orleans?
What did Malone do after he woke up?
Why was Malone sweating?
Who wrote a letter?
Why did Malone sit up in a sweat?
Malone 's letter probably took:
How long did Malone probably spend writing a letter?
What is probably true about Malone's finances?
What's something Malone thinks to buy?
Who thinks that franch market smells like fruit and coffee?
What was the hotel Malone stayed in called?
Malone sat up in a sweat:
When did Malone smell the French Market?
Who is Becky?
At the end of the story, Malone is:
How long had the coffee stain probably been on the coat?
Cedric looked over from where he was sitting:
What Cedric first thougth when Dorian told him to "hook her up?"?
Dorian:
Dorian's labcoat was covered in:
Why did Dorian look different?
Who has unwashed blonde hair?
Who has the last word?
Who is the leader of the research team?
What was probably Cedric's main concern?
Cedric became concerned after:
Dorian:
Who usually wore a white lab coat?
What is probably true of Dorian?
What did Dorian ask Cedric to do?
Dorian and Cedric:
Dorian screamed
The computer monitor came on:
Why was Cedric expressing concern for Dorian?
How long did the computer screen probably take to turn on?
Dorian and Cedric work in:
Cedric believes that Dorian was:
Immediately after the end of this text, Dorian:
where did Dorian and Cedric work:
Cedric's hair was:
Immediately after the end of this text, the girl on the gurney:
Cedric looked tired because:
Who was the person on the gurney?
Cerena shouted at the boy
Immediately after the end of this text, Celenda
who thinks she cannot afford to kill a slave boy?
How long was the feast probably lasted for?
What probably has magical powers?
What was being celebrated?
What is in the bowl?
Who raised her arms behind her back:
Immediately after the end of this text, happens to Celenda?
Celenda's party probably lasted:
What Celenda grabbed from the bowl?
Who did Celenda think it was okay to hit?
Celenda inhaled the crushed red leaves probably because:
Why was the thin boy summoned?
When did the manservant purchase the oxen?
lWhy ess people were coming to Celenda's parties?
who is celenda?
Who hosted the feast?
Who is the woman?
How long did it probably take for Kadin to tie on his belt?
When did Kadin wake up from his bed in the desert?
Why did Kadin love the desert?
What is true of Kadin after the end of this excerpt?
Why did Kadin probably ride at night?
What did Kadin hear?
Kadin heard the woman's cry:
Whose horse was killed?
Kadin works with:
Who whispers in the night?
What does Kadin think of the desert?
Kadin must make a decision about:
Why did Kadin mount White Ash?
Kadin has probably lived in the desert for:
What did Kadin do after waking?
How does Kadin probably feel about the works of the desert kings?
Where did Kadin prefer to be?
How long after the event is the story being probably told by Maria?
What does Maria Isabella know about Lorenzo when she first sees him?
What kind of family is Maria probably from?
How fast did Maria likely realize that she was in love with Lorenzo?
Who was watching the man?
What language does Maria Isabella probably speak?
When did Maria get a purse full of coins?
Why did Lorenzo have his eyes closed?
How old was Maria Isabella when she first saw Lorenzo?
Why did Maria think she would be a star?
What Maria thinks of Lorenzo?
Where did Maria go?
What did Maria Isabella do with her hands at the beginning of the story?
Who gave Maria Isabella a purse filled with coins?
What happened to Lorenzo near the Plaza Emperyal?
Why did Maria Isabella go to the Encantu lu Caminata?
What color are the dresses that Maria got for her birthday?
After everything that happened, Maria
Morzeny believed that the cold:
What was the name of the building?
Why did Morzeny become involved in real estate?
Morzeny is taken care of financially because:
Why did the New York winters bother Morzeny?
What is most likely true about Morzeny?
Who took care of Morzeny financially?
What is probably true about Morzeny?
How long did Morzeny's walk probably take?
When did he take up his current job?
The weather bothers Morzeny's
Morzeny's walk most likely lasted:
Who is walking down the street?
Where was Morzeny walking?
What avenue was Morzeny walking down?
After the story, Morzeny most likely:
Morzeny arrived at the brownstone building:
At the end of the story, Morzeny:
Morzeny believes that:
who is  Czesiek Ciag?
What kind of messages did the software produce?
Immediately after the end of this text, Czesiek Ciag is:
who designed an application, which created slogans for street protests?
How long did it probably take to complete the application
When did John of the Disk go live?
Who accompanied Slawek in setting up an online service?
How did Slawek probably become successful?
Who did Slawek send sms messages through John of the Disk?
What day did Slawek Przekosniak get the message 'Wishing yo good ping super new'?
Why did Slawek Przekosniak recieve an enigmatic message on Christmas eve?
When did Slawek Przekosniak get kicked out from a social network for utopian fanatics of extreme phobias?
Why did Slawek start his online business?
How long the development of the software probably lasted?
Who made the phrase "To Them Bag Away Now Now!"?
What is probably true about Slawek Przekosniak
Slawek Przekosniak believes that his idea is:
Who would use the special software
Who would provide the random worlds for the software?
What did Christopher think was a good strategy for coping with being fused to the chair?
What happened after Christopher fused?
Christopher probably lived this way for
At the end of the story, Christopher is:
When did Christopher fuse with the chair?
What is Christopher's new nickname?
What is Christopher probably good at?
For how long has Christopher probably worked in this company?
What would Christopher have preferred to fuse with?
At the end of the story, Christopher most likely feels:
Who has a sedentary job?
What did Christopher fuse with?
Christopher Warm:
What is probably true about Warm?
Who was writing the program for empty space in staff lockers?
Warm's second shift came up
Why did Christopher fuse with his chair?
Why did Christopher fused with his chair?
Christopher believed that it would be better to fuse with
Who liked the invention?
What did Slawek think is the proper process for an inventor?
How long does it probably take to develop an invention?
Why did the professor have patents?
How tall is professor Slawek?
What was simple and weighted about a kilo:
Who had several pantents?
At the end of this excerpt, professor Slawek:
Where were the substances imported from?
What was the device filled with?
How many inventions did Slawomir make?
When did professor Suwak invent the anti-aggressor?
What is probably true of professor Slawek?
After the end of the excerpt, the McPhillips corporation:
What was Slawomir Suwak's profession?
The re-filling of containers probably lasted:
What was the reason for McPhillips to be interested in the new device?
The McPhillips corporation expressed interest:
What is probably true about the McPhillips corporation?
Who is Editor Frank?
What was the income requirement for eligibility?
The number of slots available in the school were:
How did editor Furtok feel about the disappointed father who didn't get in the program?
What did the author think about the number of applications?
Who had the idea of PEES?
For how long have the applicants of PEES probably played computer games?
Who hit the face of the disappointed father?
When did the registration process end?
What was the relationship between the disappointed father and editor Furtok after this story?
How is the attitude of Editor Frank?
The registration process probably lasted
Why was the school so popular?
After the registration process, Krzycho Jedynak is:
What is probably true about how the Part-time Evening Elementary School is evaluated by parents and students?
Who is Krzycho Jedynak?
Editor Frank probably thought that the disappointed father was being
What is the name of the first principal?
Why the disappointed father was angry?
When the school openeded its doors?
How did editor Furtok feel about the disappointed father to didn't get in the program?
What is Benedykt's favorite activity?
How long does Benedykt have to work each time he goes to work?
Benedykt has to work:
What did Benedykt have to do?
What family does Benedykt's company promote?
Who didn't like Benedykt?
How did Benedykt get his position?
Why doesn't Benedykt like his job?
After examining himself in the mirror, Benedykt:
Benedykt's new look was noticed by the co-workers:
Who makes decisions in the company Benedykt works at?
How long has Benedykt held his position?
Benedykt has to go to his office:
What is probably true about Benedykt?
How does Benedykt feel about his job after growing childish?
Is Benedykt popular among his employees?
After the end of the story, Benedykt's family was probably:
For how long does Benedykt stare in the mirror?
Benedykt probably stared at himself in the mirror:
Who thought his job was stressful?
When did the guys from the car repair garage next door decide to join in the games?
How long did it probably take the garage guys to set up their own game?
What is probably true about the scientists?
Why did the bacillus lose health?
What happened to the first bacillus after the hockey game?
Who wanted to rest after the vaccine task?
Who played hockey?
What is probably true about the game invented by the scientists?
Where did the car repairmen discover the game?
Who enjoyed playing the game the most?
The bacillus believes that
The scientists believed that:
Why did the car repair workers join the game?
Where did the first game take place?
At the end of the story, the car repairmen:
When did the scientists invent the new game?
Where did the scientists work?
The scientists decided to play hockey with:
One bacillus can play without getting overly exhausted for how long?
How did the father know Glenn Miller did not do the solo on that old classic?
What was Ann doing that made me know she was irritated with me?
What is the most likely duration of the old song?
Who is played the trombone if Miller did not?
What is the most likely reason why the father is not at home?
The son is talking to his dad where?
Why did the son questioned the father?
Who listened to the song before?
When did the narrator bring the record to his father?
What was this eBay record?
For how long was Dad a fan of Glenn Miller?
What did the son buy off Ebay?
Who had a major emotional investment in Miller?
What does the father believe about the narrator?
What state is the narrator in after this conversation?
When did Glenn Miller die?
Why was listening to Glenn Miller so important to my father?
Where is the father after the end of this story?
What does Ann probably think?
Who is the most concerned about the father's health?
Why did my father think it was not Glenn Miller playing on the CD?
How does Leah sometimes feel about Tiffany and the other girls?
What type of car did Mrs. Wilson drive?
How many cigarettes were in the ashtray?
Why did Mrs.Wilson come to school?
What was the mother NOT wearing?
What color shoes was Mrs. Wilson wearing?
What is probably true about the mother?
For how long were the girls probably laughing?
What did the mother wear on her head?
When did mother tell Leah to get into the car?
What does Leah probably believe?
What did the mother drive?
What is the state of the ashtray after the end of the conversation?
Who greeted mrs. Wilson?
What is probably true about Tiffany?
Who wore a silk scarf?
Mrs. Wilson has probably been smoking:
Tiffany greeted Leah's mother:
How do Tiffany and the other girls feel about Leah's mother?
Who was Tiffany?
After putting out her cigarette, Mrs. Wilson is probably:
What would probably happen after Steve stood with his paws on the dashboard of the car?
What kind of feelings did Steve have for Miss Tennessee?
Where did Miss Tennessee get Steve from?
Why did the author tell Miss Tennessee that he "loves the little guy"?
What is probably true about Miss Tennessee?
What is the narrator feeling at the end of the story?
Who does the narrator think Steve is closer to?
Who is the narrator?
How did the narrator make Miss Tennessee grin?
About how many months did Miss Tennessee probably talk about going to the shelter?
Who was called the little man?
Who was called "honey"?
When was Miss Tennessee carrying Steve wrapped in a sweatshirt?
Did Steve sit with the narrator:
What is the most likely relation between the author and Miss Tennessee?
What does the author think of Steve when he first saw him?
What is the most likely to be Steve's age when the narrator first met him?
What breed is Steve?
John sat on the kitchen floor
Who does George live with?
What is probably true about George?
In the end of this story George probably is:
George believes that
What does cat food have to do with anything?
After the end of the text, George is:
How long did George lay on the floor?
George had most likely been struggling with mental problems for
Who needed help?
Who had a monster in his head?
Why did George call Telecom Sentrax?
What made George puke?
George thinks that:
Who does George work for now?
When did George stick his head under the faucet?
Why did George vomit?
What did George lay on for a while?
What is Stan going to tell Darryl?
What will probably happen after the call?
Stan needs to make a decision when?
Where is Stan needed to play?
Who thinks Keven Stacey is coming for some kind of bullshit?
What does Stan probably want to be?
What kind of drumming sticks does Stan have.
Why was Keven Stacey coming?
Keven Stacey has recorded before at:
What instrument does Stan play
Stan thinks Darryl's studio is:
How long did the conversation last?
At the end of the story Stan is:
Who was listening to the TV
What happened before Darryl's call?
Who is Keven Spacey?
Why is Darryl excited about
Whose studio will produce Keven Stacey's record?
Stan was playing with his drum sticks:
After leaving the bathroom he is
Where does he work?
What is probably true about him
After he arrives at the small brick house:
Why did he seem to involuntarily ask the woman if she had a receipt the moment he came to?
He seems to have lost consciousness for a period of time because:
Who spaced out
After he came to and helped the woman how long was it until he went to the restroom to investigate some things?
How does he feel about his appearance?
After he scrubbed his face with water in the sink, what did he do?
Why did he lock himself in the bathroom
Has he driven the route to the small brick house before?
What department was he working in
What was the only fact that was odd when he looked at his driver's license?
He probably locked himself in the bathroom for a
He drove off in a toyota after
Who asked him if he was okay
Where is he from
Sheila came to Stan in a dream:
When did Stan dream about Sheila?
Where does Stan live?
Why was Stan going to a support group?
How long did Stan most likely love Sheila
Why did Stan join the group in California?
Stan believes that:
After the story, Stan most likely:
Who was about to kiss when suddenly they were parted?
At the end of the story, what was Stan doing?
What is most likely true about Stan?
Who turned into thousands of yellow gumballs?
Before his scheduled IPO, how long had Stan been selling gumballs at the shop?
Who said that the Ant King has them?
What is probably true about Stan's gumball shop?
What did Stan sell in his new shop?
What used to be Sheila's job?
What was Stan selling at his shop?
Reiko showed Nawi her armor:
Who scraped his/her knee?
Why did Li Reiko use magic in the story?
Reiko's armor was visible for:
What part of Nawi's body hurts?
What was Nawi excited about when he asked "Really?"
What does Nawi think about Li Reiko's armor and sword?
Why did Reiko showed Nawi her armor?
When will Aya be able to perform magic like Li Reiko?
How long does the ritual healing take?
Who in the story is traditionally expected to earn magical armor?
Why can't Nawi never get his armor?
Where does Li Reiko's armor come from?
Who does Reiko believe that will never acquire an armor?
After the end of this story, Reiko is:
After the end of the story, Nawi will most likely do what?
When did Li Reiko show Nawi her armor?
Who summoned the armor from the ether?
How long was Daven running for?
Where was the carriage heading too?
What wedding gift remained useful to Jon?
Who examined their hat?
Frost had come:
Daven is:
Jon is currently:
Who was the single figure who sat on the bench?
Daven had probably left:
Immediately after the end of this text, Jon is:
What city is Daven talking about?
Why did Jon wiped his forehead?
Who says to get the musket out of the pantry?
Why is Jon asked for the musket?
Did the approaching carriage worry the family?
Why is Jon sweating?
Who warned Jon about the carriage?
At the end of this text what is the relationship between Jon and the single figure?
How would you described Jon?
Where is the carriage from?
What is probably true about Jon?
Who is Sandra?
Daven cried out to his father:
What is the most likely to be Pete's job?
Why did the police come?
After the end of this story, Pete is:
Pete poured the coffee:
Why were the police at the door?
Who first knocked on the door?
Pete's talk before the cops came probably lasted:
What did the man drink before Pete arrived?
Who thinks the police will uncover the whole operation?
Who said that it was very "hush-hush"?
What had raged a few months before "they finally got to him"?
The police knocked on the door:
Who told the cops about the man's house?
After the end of this excerpt, the police:
What type of illegal drugs was the Preacher selling?
Who poured himself a cup of coffee?
What was notorious all over Texas?
If Pete was involved in the drugs business, why would he run away after the police knocked on the door?
Why did Marlin go to the saloon?
How many drinks did Marlin have?
The cowboy that range the spittoon was probably:
After the end of the passage, Marlin most likely:
After following the railroad, Marlin was to:
After the end of this story, Marlin's occupation is probably:
After feeling the chill in his bones, Marlin felt:
Why did Marlin check if his gun was easily retrievable?
Where did Marlin get his Army Colt?
Who rode low in the saddle?
The cowboy with long blonde hair most likely:
Why is Marlin looking for Kraamer?
What did Marlin order at the bar?
After the end of this story, Marlin is probably:
Marlin felt like:
Marlin checked to make sure his gun was able to be easily retrieved:
The patrons at the bar where probably there for:
What did John order from the bartender?
Marlin opened the saloon door:
Marlin was most likely in the saloon:
What is likely to be the reason why the farmers had red faces?
Who lives west of town about one mile?
Where did the dozen or so bunnies sit?
What is most likely true about Reverend Billy Bunny?
Why did the bunny who stole carrots from Big Al move?
What was the name of the female bunny?
What did the small bunny do after Big Al let him up?
What is probably true about Big Al?
Why wasn't Reverend Billy Bunny worried?
Who wasn't worried about the drought?
The drought probably lasted:
After the story ends Big Al:
What is Sophie Bunny's favorite food?
Who thinks that everything will be all right?
Why was Lenny scared?
What did Big Al's parents leave him?
Big Al stored food when?
How long did Big Al sit on the small bunny?
Lenny is probably:
At the end of the story,
After the end of the story, the Easter Bunny
Who ate the square of meat?
The men laughed:
Travarious believes that the sun causes:
Who is Tavarius?
Tavarious ate a piece of his meat:
What was Sartas guarding?
What were all the men sitting around?
What did Travarious eat?
The group's get together probably lasted:
Tavarius feels that:
After the end of the passage, Sartas is:
Why were the men laughing?
What was most likely true about Tavarius?
Sartas probably works as a guard:
What is probably true about Sartas?
Why was Sartas embarrassed?
The group's get together most likely was:
After the end of the story Travarious is
Who sat across from the young guard?
While mother was in the produce section the siblings were?
Who knew the rules to mothers's shopping list?
The grocery trips probably lasted:
Who accompanied Mother to the grocery store
Who wouldn't be trusted to pick out produce?
How did the children learn which brands Mother wanted them to fetch?
What is probably true about the author's mother?
When would the author ask for clarification on the grocery list?
Where did the author dread going with his/her mother?
How did mother and the children get to the store?
How long would they spend in a shop?
Why did the author feel shame during the grocery trip?
The author thought mothers grocery list was like what?
What would be true of mother and siblings after a shopping trip?
After the end of grocery shopping with his/her mother, the author is:
What items did Mother not trust the children to get?
How many times did the author have to return to her mother for clarification?
The author thinks his/her mother's list is:
What lesson was Mother teaching the children at the grocery store?
What city does the story take place in?
Who took the picture of the mountains placed on the billboard?
Why would people be confused about the final advertisement mentioned in the story?
The narrator likely:
What colors were the clearest in the sunlit mountains?
After the events outlined by the story, the narrator feels:
How did the driver spend a good half grand?
The driver's time passing his billboard probably lasted
What can be inferred about the narrator.
What ad came before the ad for casino?
What is probably true about the driver?
After the end of the story, the driver is
How many billboards did the driver see on his way home?
What does the narrator believe would be worth spending money on?
Who drives on Highway 35?
What product did the narrator NOT see advertized?
The narrator saw the billboard for business management solutions:
The driver desires
The narrators commute is likely:
What is going on with some of the patients who have relatives waiting for them in the green room?
What is can be inferred about the author?
Who did the author mention would smile in the waiting room?
What did the narrator conclude about the green room.
Why did the author go to the hospital?
Did the author enjoy the coffee and scones?
Why did the narrator go to the hospital?
What state of mind is the narrator probably in as he leaves the hospital?
When did the author see the coffee bar?
Why does the narrator need ideas?
What is the state of the "guests" leaving the green room?
Many of the guests in the green room had probably been waiting for:
After deciding to go to the hospital, where does the main character end up?
What does the author see after he goes into the green room?
The author probably stayed in the waiting room for:
When do the relatives of the patients smile or look sad?
What does the narrator believe the room is designed for?
What tone does the author most closely express in this text
What kind of colors were the walls in the waiting room?
The author believes that the efforts of suppression in the waiting room
Who is waiting in the green room?
After the end of the story, who was my boss?
When did I make an implicit criticism of Starbucks?
The groups biscotti arrives:
Dr. Burns clearly enjoys
Where is a newspaper in financial trouble?
After the end of the passage, Jason and the main characters boss most likely:
Why does the main character not want to take the first piece of the biscotti?
Who is Tracy?
Who says that the New York Times is going bankrupt?
The turkish coffee tasting most likely lasted:
What did I wonder?
Who asked about Tibet?
What is probably true about Tracy?
What is most likely true about the boss of the main character?
Who says that the New York Times going bankrupt would be a tragedy?
What did Dr. Burns study to get her doctorate?
What did Jason pour the cream from?
What caused a white stream to fall from a pitcher's lip?
Whose apartment wall was lined with classical recordings?
Why did the author ask about Philip's music?
What type of music did Phillip actually prefer?
What is probably true about the author?
Why was Phillip picking up the narrator?
How long have the author and Philip known each other?
What kind of music does Philip prefer?
Where does Phillip live?
What is probably true about Phillip?
Phillip thinks people listen to pop music to:
When did the author turn off the radio?
How long was the radio playing before the author shut it off?
Philip believes that:
Phillip turned on the radio:
At the end of this story, the radio in Phillip's car is:
Whose apartment was lined with recordings of classical music?
After the end of the story, the author is:
Phillip and the narrator had known each other for:
Who wanted the volume up?
Who believes that there is no use for audio in a silent movie?
Why was the narrator's brother angry?
What kind of movie did the characters watch?
What did the lawn look like?
When did the brothers watch the movie?
How long had they been watching the movie?
When did they mute the movie?
After the end of this story, how does the brother feel?
What do the boys now know about Uncle Arehl?
Whose aunt was Edna?
Who is Uncle Arehl?
What is it like outside in the movie?
Who is the oldest person in the room>?
Why did the siren sound quiet?
How long did the movie last?
Whose sister is Edna?
Who was sitting in the living room?
Aage tells his mom she needs to help him:
What did Aage want to purchase by borrowing funds?
Why is Aage's mother against the idea of a car?
Aage believes that:
How does Aage feel about old-fashioned craftmanship?
Who pulled the MG-TD out of the parking circle?
The conversation between Aage and his mother most likely lasted:
How long has Aage been talking about the car he'd seen on holiday?
When did Aage see his first MG-TD?
Who wanted to buy a 1952 MG-TD?
Who's impression was Aage's mom concerned about in regards to Aage having his own car?
At the end of the story, Aage's mom most likely:
Why did Aages mom not want to bid on the car for him?
Does Aage's mom own a car?
What was Aage unable to explain to his mom?
After the end of this story, Aage is experiencing:
What is most likely true about Aage?
Who were the two people that got out of the car that Aage saw in London?
How can Tommy open all the doors of the motel rooms?
Why did Tommy answer three questions?
When did the dog show Tommy the shoes?
How long were the presidents in office?
After the text ends Tommy is probably still
How does Tommy feel about the dog talking to him?
Who deepened his voice?
Why didn't Tommy like the shoes
What is the treasure in the motel?
Tommy didn't believe the dog was talking to him because
Who is Tommy's favorite U.S. president?
What does the dog promise to give Tommy if Tommy answers all three questions?
When does the dog tell Tommy about the treasure?
Who tells Tommy about the magic shoes?
What does Tommy probably not like?
Where was the dog located when it started talking
How many employees probably work at the abandoned motel?
After the passage is over, the bulldog probably:
How long did it probably take Tommy to answer the dog's questions?
When Tommy first sees the shoes, he is:
What is probably true about Chan?
Chan's mother believes that:
At the end of this story, Chan is going to:
What is Chan's father's job?
Why did Chan's parents not love him?
Chan's father's promotion at work was taken away:
When did Chan go to dig up worms?
Why does Chan think his parents don't love him?
In what season was Chan born?
Who was small for his age?
Who was digging for grubs?
What type of animal was Rainbow?
How did Chan feel about grubs?
What is most likely Chan's family's social status?
What pet did Chan have?
How does Chan probably look after getting grubs?
At the end of the story, Chan's pet chameleon will be:
How long has Chan most likely been alive?
For how long does Chan's mother probably work inthe garden every day?
How long did it probably take Chan to dig up the worms?
Why was Ray on the phone?
Who said "I hear that you are unhappy?"
What things dead do not have?
What is likely to happen on the phone with Ray?
Why is Ray likely to be frustrated with the living?
Who was screamed at over the phone?
Ray performed CPR:
Who is Ray talking to?
Ray performed CPR for probably:
Ray believes that people liked to:
Why is Ray on the phone?
What is probably true about Ray?
Why did Ray hold the phone away from his ear?
How long has Ray probably been on the phone?
What is the ideal conflict de-escalation skill?
Why does Ray believe people still vote?
When did Ray provide CPR?
After his phone conversation, Ray probably feels:
Which most likely describes Ray?
Why were people awake at 3 a.m.??
Who propped the door open?
Whose office was right behind the secretary's desk?
What age was the building for the Center for Addictions Treatment?
How long was the conversation Ray had on the phone?
Why did Ray have weekly fire drills?
Ray belived:
How long had most people been asleep when Ray did his fire drills?
When did the telephone ring?
What is the name of the woman on the phone?
Who called Ray?
After the end of the story, what does Ray do
When did the telephone ring
Why did ray choose 3 a.m. for the fire drills
Who said he deserves a booby prize?"
Where was Ray at the end of the story?
What did the lady say to Ray on the phone?
John wanted to know about:
John Donovan laughed:
How many children does Donald Ackerman have?
What does Donald Ackerman do?
When did Ray talked to an attorney?
What is probably true about Donald Ackerman?
Ray thinks that John Donovan is:
After conversation with Ray, John Donovan probably is:
Who placed the phone call?
What did John Donovan want to find out?
Who did Ray receive a call from?
Why was John laughing?
How long did Ray wait before answering the phone?
The telephone conversation probably lasted about:
Ray thinks John Donovan is:
What did Ray do that showed he was enjoying the conversation?
Why did John Donovan pause on his end of the line?
After the conversation with Ray, John probably:
How long do most patients stay in admissions?
What did Ray tell the hospital?
Why did Ray pretend to consult his admission log?
How many things does Ray belives the nightly call from the hospital could mean?
Ray's shift probably lasted:
Does the clinic Ray works at receive government funding?
What could Ray do about the overnight admission?
How does Ray probably feel about the last minute addmisions from the hospital?
Shortly after five:
Who decides if client can come for overnight admission?
What is Ray's job title?
What could happen to the hospital's rates due to the amount of uninsured admissions?
When did the emergency room called Ray to see if he had a bed availible?
Why did the clinic make so little money from insurance?
What is Ray's job title?
Who checked the admissions log?
What is the hospital's "one treatment episode every three months" penalty is known as?
What does Ray think intoxicated clients are not interested in?
When did Pete send Ray a photo of his kids?
Why does Pete volonteere at night?
How long have Pete and Ray known each other for?
What job did Pete do after volunteering at the Crossroads Detox Center?
Where does Pete volunteer 2 or 3 times a week?
Who calls the drunk and disorderly recalcitrants?
What Ray thinks about Pete's volunteering?
Pete says:
Who did Ray's taxes?
Why the Crossroads Detox center was sometimes called the Jesus Shop?
Do Ray and Pete know each other in real life?
Does Pete have a personal history of drug abuse or addiction?
Why does Pete call Ray?
Who is at the door?
How many hours a week does Pete volunteer?
What are Pete's religious beliefs?
How long has Pete been a CPA for?
Where does Pete work at night?
What is probably true about Roland and Diane?
What is probably the sergeant's status at the end of the story?
Who heard faraway voices and saw torches?
What are the two men on watch with Roland talking about?
Who thinks the crusaders are growing stronger?
How long did it take the boulder to hit the sergeant?
Who is Diane to Roland?
When did Roland hear the whistling?
Why was Roland staring at the fortress?
By the end of this story, the sergeant is:
What crushed the sergeant?
What is probably Roland's job?
Why did John push the men towards the ladder?
Who did the wine-skin belong to?
From where does Roland hail?
What did the two men on watch talk about?
Roland pushed the men to the ladder:
How long did it likely take for the Sergeant to die?
What is probably true about Diane?
By the end, Diane:
Diane's feelings standing on the wall was:
Why did Diane have to leave?
For how long did Diane know the Cathars?
Catharism in France disappeared:
Where Diane and Roland where standing before she left?
Diane's hair was cut short:
Who Diane begged to let her stay?
What is true about Diane?
Why did looking at people's faces make Diane upset?
Who is Roland?
How long had Diane been a Christian?
Who prepared to leave?
Diane believes that:
What is Diane most likely going to be?
After the end of this story, Diane is probably starting:
What was tied around Diane's waist?
Why Roland's heartbeat broke its rhythm?
When did Roland start feeling impelled?
Who said to form around the Cathars?
Who held his body stiff as he faced the CAthar Fortress?
How long did it take Roland to escort the prisoners to their execution?
After the end of this story, Roland:
How many days of grace peiod was given under the terms of surrender?
What happens to the Cathars who don't join the Catholic religion at the end of the story?
Why didn't Roland wear his helmet and mail shirt?
How many prizoners were at the camp?
What did the friars record on their parchment scrolls?
Who is allowed to leave Cathar Fortress in piece?
When did Roland leave his helmet?
What is Roland's religion?
Roland left his helmet and mail shirt:
Who are Diane and Perrin?
Roland thought:
Roland was a:
How long Nicolette was in the room with the King?
Nicolette bent close to the King:
Why was the room suffocating?
Why did dozens of people pack the room?
What Nicolette thought about King's welfare?
Where did Countess Nicolette de Gobignon grow up at?
What is probably true about Nicolette?
Why was Nicolette irritated?
Nicolette thought the Kings family was
Who grow-up in Languedoc manor?
How long was everyone in the same room?
Where was the King spending his last moments of life?
After the end of the story the King is
Why is Nicolette so worried about the King?
Nicolette told the King to "rest easy"
Who was as tall as a King?
The King in the story:
The Kings wife:
What did Nicolette look back at after crossing the bridge?
What is Nicolette probably feeling?
How long was Nicolette walking after sunset?
Nicolette had been out of the castle for:
Nicolette left the castle because:
Why did Nicolette consider turning back and running?
Who is Nicolette thinking to leave the castle for?
Nicolette is in a secret relationship with:
Who does Agnes serve?
When did Nicolette go on her walk?
What does Queen Blanche think about Amalric?
Who would be furious because of a scandal?
What did Nicolette bring with her?
Who did Nicolette probably meet after the story ends?
Where did the criminals and ruffians live?
When the White Queen finds out that Nicolette left, she is:
Who was Nicolette longing to be alone with?
Why would Queen Blanche be angry?
Who did Roland pledged his love to?
Most likely, who is Roland married too?
What is probably true about Ronald?
Why couldn't Roland kiss Nicolette?
Why is Roland in such a conundrum?
When did Roland truly contemplate his love for Nicolette?
Roland felt his stomach knotting:
Roland's relationship with Diane probably lasted?
After everything, how does Roland feel?
How long did it take Roland truly contemplate his feelings for Diane?
Why did Roland think Diane was dead?
Who does Roland still love?
Why was Roland sweating?
Roland believes that
Who would let Roland make love to her?
Where did Roland see Nicolette?
Where did Roland meet Diane?
Where did Roland found out that Diane was still alive?
Who is duplicating 27B?
Who is detained in thr bunker?
Who is the captor?
Why was the boy scratching himself?
Why is the captor offering Kurt water?
When did the itch move to the other hand?
The bunker Kurt was kept in was:
They have been in the bunker for:
Where is Kurt?
The boy is afraid:
The young man scrathed an imaginary itch on his hand:
Kurt will stay silent:
Why does Kurt remain silent?
Who drew blood?
How long had they been talking in the bunker?
The man in the lab coat:
Kurt thinks that:
What Kurt belived will happen to him?
After the end of this story, Tom worked on?
Tom sighs by the glass counter:
What was Tom cleaning?
Why did Tom need this job?
The film festival probably lasted:
Why Tom needed a job?
After working that shift, Tom would likely
Who only had to watch the movies once?
Who is the manager?
How old was Ton?
That Tom's work shift had produced a
What did the manager say after strolling out of the second theater?
Who was was making good money from saling movie tickets?
Tom probably filled in for Neoldner for:
When did manager pay his workers??
How many movies manager was thinking to play for the Ed Wood film festival?
When Tom could move out of his parents' house?
What is probably true about Tom?
What did Justin feel while standing under the sky?
What does Justin do after the story ends?
What kind of worker is Justin?
Who or what wandered from shade to shade?
What will the mail truck bring?
Why did he wipe his face with the handkerchief?
How long has Justin lived in his home?
About what time of day was it as Justin worked on the cattle pen?
Why did Justin go to the doctor?
Justin will enjoy his porch:
What task was Justin trying to complete?
How old was Justins' niece?
Why was Justin's face like leather?
What does Justin think that the hospital intern thought about him?
Where was the cattle pen located?
Justin doesn't mind getting check-ups. Which is most likely true?
What does Justin do for a living?
What did Justin do after building the fence?
What is probably true about Alona?
Why did Prof. Sigger take so long to answer his door?
How long did Alona stand outside of Prof. Sigger's office door before entering?
What did Alona see on Prof. Sigger's desk?
Who quoted Marx in class?
What mood was Prof. Sigger in upon opening the door?
Why is Alona at Prof. Sigger's office?
After the end of this story, how does Alona probably feel?
What class does Alona need help in?
Prof. Sigger believes that:
Why did Prof. Sigger agree to see Alona despite feeling disturbed?
When Alona visited Prof. Sigger's office, the janitor coughed:
What was getting heavier as time went on?
Prof. Sigger believes that:
Alona talked about Rush Limbaugh:
What were the subjects of the textbooks in Prof. Sigger's office?
Prof. Sigger's office hours probably last how long before school starts?
After Alona's conversation with Prof. Sigger, how does she likely feel?
When did Cecil begin to lick his paw and wash his face?
What did Julia inquire of her cat Cecil?
Why was Cecil thumped on the head?
Who was Julia talking to?
After the end of this story, Cecil is probably
Who thinks that Pynchon is treating his characters savagely?
Why did Uncle Justin give up?
After the end of this story, Cecil is probably:
What does Julia think she's noticed?
Why does Julia shake her head?
Who did the book thump on the head?
What is probably true about Julia?
When did Cecil snort?
Who is the main antagonist in Gravity's Rainbow?
What is probably true about Julia?
How long did Cecil curl up next to Julia before the book thumped him on the head?
Cecil was probably washing himself for:
Who's name was Cecil?
After the end of the story, Zeke is probably:
Who wanted a beer?
Why did Justin ask about gravity?
Justin believes that:
When Zeke handed Justin his mail, he anticipated:
What does Zeke want to drink?
Whose mail truck was parked on the street?
What is probably true about Justin:
How long has Zeke been a mail man?
How long has Justin probably been outside?
How old is Zeke?
What did Zeke want?
How does Justin feel after Zeke identifies the weather balloon?
Zeke is worried that Justin:
The conversation probably lated:
Who is Zeke:
Why did Zeke know about the weather balloon?
Zeke delivered the mail:
Why Patch's tail felt stiffen?
Who abandoned their drey?
Why does Patch think it is not normal for his mother to be absent?
After visiting his mother's drey, who did Patch speak to?
After the story, the babies will likely be discovered to be:
When did Patch run back to his tree?
Where is Silver?
Brighteyes said what to Patch?
Where did Patch go after checking his mother's drey?
How long has Tuft been gone?
How does Patch know Brighteyes?
Why are Brighteyes' babies weak?
Why did Patch looked for his mother?
What happened to all the acorns?
Who hadn't Patch seen in three days?
What is Brighteyes' relationship to Tuft?
How long was Tuft probably gone?
What is Brighteyes probably normally like?
How quickly did it likely take the bluejay to return to Patch?
At the end of this story, the bluejay is:
About how long did it probably take Patch to become fluent in Bird?
Patch's body is:
When did Patch first enter the robin's nest?
Why did Silver apologize?
Who was the leader of the Seeker clan?
Why does the bluejay likely want the acorn?
Patch learned to speak Bird:
Who taught Patch to leave the robins alone?
Which character in the story is the oldest?
After the end of the story, Patch probably:
What kind of animal is Patch?
What did Bluejay say to Patch?
Why did Patch shout at the bluejay?
Where has no squirrel ever been?
How does Patch thinks when the bluejay steals his acorn?
Who is Toro?
Why do squirrels dislike rats?
Where do rats live?
Who did Patch meet in the Center Kingdom?
What character believes Patch belongs to him?
When did Patch meet Snout?
How long has Snout and Patch known each other?
What is probably true about Patch?
For how long Patch could feel familiar unsavory squirrel-smell?
Snout belives:
After the end of the text, Patch might:
Patch met Snout:
What does Patch probably do after his conversation with Scout?
Who owns the food in the Center Kingdom?
Why does Snout say that all food belongs to him?
What happens after Patch finds his way out of the seed-pod?
Who lives above ground?
What color is Patch's fur?
Patch would rather:
Who is a part-time music minister?
When did Cynthia meet Troy?
How long has Cynthia probably been afraid of Greg?
How long ago did Cynthia move back to Marshall?
Why did Cynthia move to her current town?
Who thought he should start exercising again?
Who was a vice president at First State Bank?
How does Cynthia probably feel about Troy after talking to Greg?
Where did Cynthia grow up?
What is probably true of Troy?
What is Troy's job?
Who Cynthia belives to be abusive?
What physical features of himself is Greg self conscious about?
Why Cynthia was dressed up?
What subject did Cynthia likely major in?
After the story, Greg will probably:
Where does Troy work?
How long did Cynthia probably attend East Texas University?
What amount did Greg pay for the car?
When had Greg appeared at the courthouse?
How does he feel about the soundproofing he installed?
Where did Greg teach his private lessons?
Who was Greg's neigbor?
What is Greg going to do after jurt duty is over?
When did Greg know he will need to return to the courthouse?
Greg is hoping he has to return to the jury pool tomorrow?
How much time Greg spent at the courthouse?
Why Greg's car turned heads?
What is probably true about Greg?
How long did it probably take to get from the church to Greg's studio?
Who is Cynthia?
Who sold Greg his car?
What is probably true about Mr. Tenorly?
Who said that selling a car was like losing a member of the family?
whats Greg's biggest hobby?
Why did Greg hope he wasn't needed for the jury pool?
How often might Greg go to Dairy Queen?
Why did Greg lose his East Texan accent?
How does Greg feel about Fontana.
What is true about Greg?
What did Greg do before going to the drive-thru?
What kind of ice-cream was Greg's favorite?
HHow many years Greg was studiong to get his degree?
Greg got into his car
Who enrolled for guitar lessons?
What is Greg's specialty?
What did Fontana plan to do after college?
How did the worn out guitar sound?
What does Greg like about Fontana?
Greg thinks Fontana
What did he order at the drive-thru?
At the end of the story, Greg:
Greg liked to drive around town:
After getting an ice cream Greg willprobably:
Who is Jenny?
How much money does Buford have in the bank?
Why Kyle thinks Buford is the best defence attorney?
How is Jenny involved in this story?
How many people come to watch Buford in the courtroom?
Buford smoked a cigar:
Where was the murder trial being held?
Who is the District Attorney?
Where did Buford "The Bell" Bellowin study law?
Why is Buford so arrogant?
What mistake will Jenny make?
Who was the high-powered attorney?
When was Kyle oppened his own practice?
Kyle will probably sleep with:
Why does Kyle drive a fancy car?
How many years Buffort spent in Taxes?
What is the relationship between Kyle and Buford?
Kyle belives the best attorney is:
Why did Angela hire Andrea to be her assistant?
How did Angela see Porter Strickley in her career?
Why did Angela see herself as god to Andrea?
Why does Angela want replace her desk?
Angela's office furniture was probably bought:
Angela strongly believes that:
What about Andrea's resume impressed Angela the most?
What did Angela want to change?
When did Angela hired Andrea to be her assistant?
Who was 57 when she interviewed for the position of district attorney?
If she started dating, what kind of man would Angela fall in love with?
Who's desk did Angela want to upsize?
What is probably true about Andrea?
What in Angela's office does she want to replace even if she has to pay for it herself?
How long it will take Angela to replace her desk?
How old did Angela think Porter was when he she interviewed to become the district attorney?
What is the most likely thing Angela will want to teach Andrea?
Angela became District Attorney:
What is probably true about Greg?
How long was John in the Hane's Diner?
How long did the woman probably speak to the crowd for?
What is Greg's relationship with Troy like?
What is Greg's relationship with Cynthia and Troy Blockerman?
What does Greg think of Troy?
What brand of shoe is Greg wearing?
Who took his coffee and walked up the stairs?
Why did Greg's blood pressure shoot up?
How many people were  at the hallway near the coutroom?
Why did Greg think that with a little luck he will be able to leave?
At the end of this story, how is Greg probably feeling?
When did Greg nearly choke on his coffee?
When did John go the courtroom?
Whose blood pressure shot up?
Where did Greg get his first four cups of coffee?
What did Greg think would happen when they were selecting juror alternates?
Why did Greg nearly choke?
Who whispered as the microphone was being passed around?
How does the narrator's drinking buddy feel about the story that was printed?
What is the man who co-founded the venture that BT plans to purchase wearing?
How many people are at the club?
What does the narrator do for a living?
Why does the narrator swear?
What happens to the company of a man in the yellow jacket?
Back in September 2006, when did the narrator find themselves drunk from the free bar?
Who states that BT is going to be a terrible fit?
How long will the party at the private club last?
How is the deal between BT and the new company going to go?
Who tells the narrator that "revenue is the enemy"?
How long was a speach by each young entrepreneur?
How do you change from hanging out with entrepreneurs?
What are BT going to buy?
How does the narrator feel about the fact that BT are going to buy the company?
When did the narrator got drunk?
What does the narrator think about the purchase BT plans to make?
The writer's parents believed the computer would be used for what motives?
How long was it between the time the Apollo 11 landed on the moon and when the writer got his ZX Spectrum?
What was the supposed reason Mr. Coen taught this person desktop publishing?
Who taught him desktop publishing?
The narrator will most likely:
It is peobably true about the narrator:
The writer's computer-owning peers probably liked to do what with their computers?
When the narrator first learned desktop publishing?
What is probably true about the narrator?
How did Hitler find his preferred medium for pursuing fame and wealth, according to the text?
Fame-hungry dickheads found their preferred medium for pursuing fame and wealth from which source?
Who prefered radio for pursuing fame and wealth?
What is the gender of the narrator?
After he convinced Mr. Cohen to teach him desktop publishing, why did he get banned from the computer room?
What did the narrator discover Internet?
How long did it take the narrator to learn desktop publishing?
What did his parents buy him on his seventh birthday?
What does the narrator think about the possibilities of technology?
How does the writer feel about attending lectures?
Who would meet with the writer and Charlie Skelton to brainstorm projects?
How was the online magazine started?
The Friday Thing started:
The Friday Thing probably became:
How long was the writer probably a school magazine publisher?
How do the writer and Clare probably know each other?
Who had a stalled TV project?
How was the media alerted to The Friday Thing?
Where would office workers be able to see the group's comedy magazine?
How does Clare know Rhys Jones?
After the end of the text, the group likely:
The petition became successful:
The character in the story:
Who is the main character in the story?
When did narrator become good friends with Charlie Skelton?
Why did narrator had plenty of time?
What did narrator thinks of his days as a publisher?
Who did Ian Huntley murder?
The narrator created a website:
The narrator has probably been living in his neighborhood:
What happened to the narrator after the article?
The narrator believes that:
What color paint did the vandals use?
How was the thinkofthechildren.co.uk site received?
How long did it take to set up thinkofthechildren.co.uk website?
Who had her door vandalized by a group of 'concerned parents'?
Where were the accounts of kidnapped or murdered girls published?
Who is Murdoch?
Why does the narrator think the parents are morons?
What did the narrator do before setting up their website?
Why were the parents concerned?
After the end of this story, the narrator seems to be a little:
What does the narrator think about the state of British TV in 2002?
Whose front door had the word "paedo" painted on it?
What is probably true about Yvette Cloete?
For how long was the main character writing about the dot com industry?
What probably happened to most of the main character's dot com friends?
Who is Sam Lewis
Immediately atfer the end of this text, narrator appears to be:
What was the main character's job title?
How could the writer eat at London's best restaurants for free?
Who was jealous and rich in the story?
Where did the writer work?
What newspaper did the main character write a regular column for?
After the dot com boom when were the first signs of trouble for the industry?
What was the dot com boom?
How long dot the dot com boom last?
How long had Maggie been the writer's girlfriend?
Why were people not having an easy with the 'new media' industry?
What did the main character think about his girlfriend's job?
Why did he think the entrepreneurs tried to convince him to write about them?
Who did the writer eat lunches with while they tried to convince him to write about them in his column?
When did the main character start hanging out with people in the dot com world?
How long was he in the front lobby?
What happened before he went to the room 313?
What kind of job was he going to an interview for?
What did he blindly search along the wall for?
Why did the man wait?
How did he probably feel when he sat on the bed?
He answered the phone
Why was he going to Casa Salvador?
What did he think the desk manager wanted to do?
John shouldn't have missed his appointment by:
When the man leaves the flophouse he probably:
How did he feel when he saw the bat?
What do the women he hears faking moans of pleasure do for a living?
Who was he meeting for the interview?
Where was Casa Salvador located?
Who was the peroxide-blonde women arguing with?
What does he think the desk manager wants to do?
Who was argung with the middle-aged peroxide-blonde woman?
What is probably true about the narrator?
Why did the protagonist get sued?
Where is Sharon standing at the start of the passage?
What will be the result of the lawsuit?
Who had freakish man-hands?
What tone did the narrator use when responding to Sharon?
Who is Sharon?
How long did it probably take Sharon to confront the narrator about the situation?
Why was Sharon upset?
After the conversation, Sharon probably feels:
The main character believes that:
The protagonist probably works as a:
Who was publicly accused in the story?
After the protagonist accused the mayor of fraud, Sharon felt:
The protagonist's conversation with Sharon probably lasted:
When did Sharon sit down?
The narrator believes that Sharon:
The narrator slouched further into his chair:
What job did the twins' mother have?
How many years after marriage twins were born?
Who went dancing every Friday night?
Did Jenny have job opportunities after completing her Master's?
What did the narrator say she equated to "turning into a giant asshole"?
How did Jenny have the money to pay for her Master's?
At the end of this story, Jenny is:
Who went to work for James McPherson
Were Jenny and the main character fraternal twins?
Why did the twins sell the house?
What kinds of orchards were found in the valley?
When did Jenny pay for her Master's?
What did Jenny do while working for James McPherson
The main character believes her sister is what kind of person?
How structured was Jenny's life in school?
When did the twins sell the house?
How quickly did the twins' parents die?
Does Jenny like school?
How long has it been since the narrator has seen Nick?
Where were the characters sitting?
When did the narrator order his third drink?
After the story, the narrator is probably:
The speaker says that Nick is a
Why was Andrea upset?
What time does the Casbah open?
Who ran into Brian Lopez?
When did the narrator run into Brian Lopez?
Who is Brian Lopez?
Why did Maggie roll her eyes?
Jenny's wedding (including the dinner) likely lasted:
After the story is finished, the speaker is probably going to:
What is probably true about the speaker's taste in alcohol?
What did Nick order?
Who shrugged?
What does Nick think of Brian's wife?
Why did the narrator call Nick a pansy?
What city does Jenny live in?
What was Jenny drinking?
Jenny is going to find a new job:
How does the narrator believe Asterion is doing?
Who was the narrator interested in meeting?
How long did Jenny shop?
How many Asterion men did Jenny hire?
Why was Jenny happy about hiring the Asterion men?
When did Jenny hire Asterion guys?
Why did Jenny smile?
Who is 'we'?
After the story ends, the narrator probably
Immeditely after the end of the text, the narrator probably feel:
What is probably true about the narrator?
How long will Jenny be in Mexico for?
Where did the narrator think they saw the Asterion man before?
Where do the characters probably live?
Who believes the narrator should stop drinking?
What is probably true about the narrator?
What band's t-shirt is the narrator wearing?
What was the doorman wearing?
Who says "motherfucker"?
When did the narrator notice the doorman's ear piece?
For how long was the narrator probably at the door?
How long will the party probably last?
Who was blocking a doorway?
When did the narrator notice the man in the doorway?
Why does the narrator believe he should be allowed entry?
Why did the narrator try to flip off the camera?
The narator is probably:
How did the narrator feel about not being let into the rave?
It's probable that the narrator made Dylan Maxwell mad by
The narrator believes that
When did he notice the security camera?
Where does the narrator go next?
How long has the narrator known Dylan Maxwell?
Who was standing under the surveillance camera?
Who was sitting infront of surveillance monitors?
How does Jan's husband feel about his son?
How long has Rob probably been gone?
Why did Jan need to hold the teddy bear?
Rob is likely:
How does Jan feel immediately after the end of this story?
Why was Jan crying?
What was Jan hugging in her arms?
Where did Jan finally fall asleep?
How does Jan feel about her relationship with her husband after the story?
Who was Jan belived to talk too?
Who did the guest room belong to?
How long did Jan probably remain awake after going to bed?
What is probably true about Jan?
What happened after Jan entered the guest room?
What does Jan say to God?
Who fell asleep on the guest bed?
Rob was addicted to:
What happened after Jan opened the closet?
After the story their son:
What did the parents used to probably do?
What will the parents probably do if their son does not stop doing drugs?
Why are Bob and Jan mad at their son?
What did Jan think
What happened before they were writing a letter?
How long has their son probably been doing drugs?
what don't the parents understand?
How long had the son been likely using drugs?
Right after the end of this tex, Jan feels:
How did their son meet Mack and Allison?
When were the parents harsh?
where where they living?
Where is the son living?
How does Bob feel about marijuana?
Who chooses to live rent free?
Why was someone sickened?
Who thinks the letter is too harsh?
What city does the author say has a slower feel?
What is probably true about the narrator?
whose eyes darted from color to color?
How long the narrator was probably looking for Kim?
When did his feet get covered in blisters?
Why was the author moving slowly?
Who is the author looking for?
Why was the air cool and prepped with moisture?
What does the author find after leaving the train station?
The narrator stopped at benches because
Where does the author leave before shuffling into the city?
The narrator believes that
Who probably made it to Boston first?
Who is Kim?
Who is Kim?
How long did it probably take for the author to find the phonebook?
What kind of noise was the pay phone making?
Immediately after the end of this text
When would the narrator be released from the hold?
The narrator is most likely in:
When did the speaker sign the papers?
What does the narrator believe might be true?
What is likely the reason for the bars on the window?
What will happen after the 72 hour observation is completed?
What did the speaker do instead of sleeping?
Who does the narrator hate?
At the end of the story, we can conclude the narrator was placed in there by:
How long would the speaker most likely stay in the hospital?
How long is the narrator likely to write each day:
The narrator is:
What the narrator thinks about the 72 hour hold?
Right after the end of this text, narrator
Who might have been forming judgments about the speaker?
Why did the speaker use the legal pad?
What was placed on the windows?
Why did the narrator sign the papers?
Why was Luna at Rick's?
Who was the narrator going to see at the house?
How long does it take to get to Ricks place?
Rufgt after Luna opens a door to Rick's house, the narrator
How long did the narrator wait for Luna to open the door?
What is a likely reason for Rick to pick a place so out of the way?
How does the narrator feel about Rick?
Who was gorgeous by some standards?
When did the drive to Ricks place make him sick?
The narrator parked at Rick's house:
What did Dingo think of Luna?
Who is Dingo?
How long is probably a drive to Rick's house?
Who is Rick?
What does the narrator think about Luna?
What is probably true about the narrator?
What did Luna look like?
Dingo thinks that:
Who is Luna?
What did the narrator believe?
Who was wearing coveralls?
Immediately after the end of this story:
What kind of effect does the narrator believe the heat could have on a person?
When did the narrator pay Jack?
How long is likely backtracjing would take?
Who worked at the service station?
What kind of person is Jack likely to be?
What kind of car does Jack own?
Where did Jack work?
Where will the narrator go next?
Why did the narrator wrap his shirt around the gas pump?
When did the narrator walk over to the man?
How long has the narrator been driving in the wrong direction?
Where is the narrator?
What is probably true about Jack?
Why did the narrator put gas in the car?
When did the individual got to the gas station?
Where is the main character?
What is probably true about Luna?
After the end of the story, the narrator
While Dingo is driving
Who does Cerberus belong to?
How long was the dog probably in the car?
Why is Dingo going to Vegas?
What will Mr. Waciejowski do later?
Who sat in the passenger seat?
When did Cerberus scratch his neck?
Who did the narrator call on his phone?
Dingo thinks
Who is Luna?
Why did Luna swallow?
What is probably true about Mr. Waciejowski?
What does Dingo like to do?
What did Luna tell him the box was filled with?
How long has Dingo been driving?
What color dog is Cerberus?
Who rest his chin after pulling his head in the car?
Where is Dingo driving to?
At the end of the story what does Dingo think of animal spirit guides
How long Dingo's drive will probably last?
Who said that Mr. Waciejowski was at Denny's
Why did Dingo call Luna?
What does Dingo think Cerberus might need?
Where were people fighting?
What is probably true about the Cerberus?
Why does the narrator think he is good at fighting?
Who is Cerberus?
Immediately after the end of this text
The narrator belives
What happened after the narrator fell?
How long was the fight probably going for?
Who made sounds like a construction machinery?
How long was this group attacked for?
When Mr. Waciejowski screamed?
Who is the narrator?
Why the dog was all fangs and fur?
Right after the end of this text, Pete
What was the reason for the fight
What is probably true about the narrator?
What fabric was suit made of?
How long was the dog in the fight?
Why is the narrator in a hurry?
Where does Fargo18 live?
Why did the main character want things rung up faster?
Who is Mr. Benoit?
How did the man probably get injured?
When was Mr. Benoit's Address entered into the GPS system?
What was fed to Cerberus?
Who is full of shit?
What does the narrator think of the customer behind him in line?
How long did it probably take to get out of the drug store?
What city is the man in?
Why did the main character probably want to strangle the girl with green hair?
When did the narrator put on their bandages?
How long was he probably in the line at the store?
Where is the man headed next?
After the little dot begins to flash, the main character:
Who did the main character think was unpredictable?
Who was staring mindlessly?
Who arrived unexpectedly?
How long probably Julie and Dingo talked for?
What kind of relationship did Dingo have with Julie?
What was Dingos and Julie's relationship mainly consist of?
Why would Darby probably want the box?
How long was probaby Dingo in the hospital for?
Immediately after the end of this story
Why was Julie probbaly angry?
What Dingo said about his ex-wife?
What was in the box?
Who is Darby?
When the narrator felt his stiches were coming apart?
Who took the box?
Who character thought to be annoing?
Why was Dingo in the hospital?
Dingo was getting stitches at the hospital
After the end of this story, Dingo is
What was Julie looking for?
What is probably Digger's age?
Who says to call Dr. Lamont?
Why's it probably important for them to rest?
Who is not in any of the beds?
How long they think Digger usually sleep?
Where is Digger?
What could be the reason Digger would wake up?
How long it will probably take to find Digger?
Where will Chris be soon?
When was Chris put to bed?
When did the dogs bark?
Why is Gwenny's ego hurt?
Where did they look for Digger?
After checking the beds for Digger, how does the speaker feel?
Why was Dr. Lamont called?
What did Mr. Drake hurry into?
What is the relationship between Susan and Gwenny?
How long had Digger likely have been missing?
Where did they get Tiger?
Who is Mr Drake?
How long were the lessons probably going for?
Who was probably Mr. Drake?
Where did Pa take them for lessons?
Why did they watch the kitten in the water?
Immediately after the end of this text
Who first made a joke about the Tiger's swimming?
When did they have to stop swimming lessons?
Why did Ma probably sit on a towel on the grass?
Who was careful not to wet her hair?
How long did they probably stay at the pool?
Where does the writer belives to be safe?
When did Ma stop the swimming lessons?
How did Little Bit think Tiger was swimming?
What did they like better?
How often did Ma wear a cap?
Right after the end of this text
Why did Ethorne walk the grounds?
Who had scrubbed the front room and kitchen "from top to bottom"?
Who likely dresses the kids in the morning?
How long was the opening?
Immediately after the end of this text?
What had been done before the restauranrt was opened?
Right after the end of this text:
Who is Fred?
Why was the open land so well upkept?
What time did they all wake up?
Why did they wake up at sunrise?
What happened before Dogland's restaurant was opened?
Who wished Mother could come to visit
How come Mother did not come?
What was said about a Little Bit?
How long did it probably take to dress Little Bit?
What did we probably do when the opening finished:
Ma thinks that:
What is probably true about the speaker?
Who is Digger?
When did the narrator first wake up?
At the end of the story, the narrator is:
Who is the oldest child?
Why did the narrator scoot off the toilet as soon as he was done?
How long did it probably take the speaker to leave the house?
Who needed to hurry in the bathroom?
What is probably true about the narrator?
Who asks the speaker if he/she is off the toilet
How long was the narrator probably using the bathroom for?
Who put out the clean clothes?
Who said Pa was making breakfast in the restaurant?
Where is the speaker going?
When did the speaker first wake up?
What item of clothing was the most important?
Why does the speaker sit on the edge of the toilet?
What did the narrator smell?
Why did Sondra want to go home for a few weeks?
What does Sondra think might help with her financial problems?
Sondra was probably browsing online for:
When Sara checked the Classifieds:
What does Sondra plan to do after this story?
What is Sondra's mom's job?
What happened after Sara walked into her apartment?
Who saw a full-page ad about the grand opening of Billy-Eye's Arcade and Dance Barn?
Why is Sondra probably considering going back home?
What website did Sondra visit first?
Who had more in common with actresses than secretaries?
How old is Sondra?
How much money does Sondra probably have?
Sondra thinks that:
What did Sondra check on the computer?
How long was Sandra probably searching the classifieds?
After reading the ad, Sondra feels:
Why is Sondra considering going home for awhile?
When did Greg move?
Who read a scripture passage?
Why did greg go to church that day?
After reading this text, what did Greg feel in church?
Where was the forgiveness sermon held?
Who was probably at fault that Barbara died?
What relationship Greg probably has with his father after reading this text?
Where did the pastor sit?
What did Greg believe when listening to the forgiveness sermon?
When did Greg feel bad about holding a grudge?
Why was Barbara Killed?
will Greg posibly go back to scool?
What is Gregs roomates name?
Why was Ralphs wife sent to the store for chips?
Who wants to be forgiven?
How long did Greg probably live in a rental house?
Who sent their wife out for more groceries?
How long was probably the sermony?
Where was the Dance Barn located?
Sondra thinks Craig is
What did Sondra see a line of people at the office door?
Who walked up to Sondra while she was waiting in line?
Why was Craig impressed?
Who had an electric guitar?
Sondra wishes that:
When did Sondra laugh in Craig's face?
How long does Sondra probably know Billy-Eye?
What is probably true about Craig?
After the end of this story, Sondra is probably
Who else is in the office?
After Sondra follows Craig to the office, what probably happens?
Why was Sondra at Billy-Eye's Arcade and Dance Barn?
Sondra waited in line probably for
What was strapped on some rockers' backs?
Craig's hobby is:
What is Sondra probably going to do for her audition?
How long was Greg's break?
why does Greg go walking
Who jumped up and ran for the door?
How long has Greg probably played guitar?
What does Greg think about kids being forced into playing music?
Whose mom is forcing the child to take piano lessons?
What astrological sign is Greg's dad?
Why Greg decided yo go to Dad's party?
When did Greg learn that Jeffrey's mom is forcing him to play piano?
When Greg decided to talk to his student mom?
Where does Greg probably go in a few days?
Greg think
Why does Greg have calluses?
How long did the lesson probably last?
Where did Greg often go during break?
After the story ends, Greg
Why will Greg probably regret the party?
Who probably also plays guitar?
Who thinks the games should have been free?
Who took a big chance on leaving the final details for hi sons to handle.
Who is the second band?
How long will the grand opening probably last for?
Who had done something right?
Why Bill-Eye liked how Arcade and Dance Barn was prepared?
How long will each band probably play for?
What time did Billy-Eye arrive?
When will the second band put their name on the board?
Where was the ad for the grand opening?
What school are the high school workers from?
Who stocked the refrigerator?
Right after the end of this text Billy-Eye
What will the second band do when the Triangulators are finished?
Why was Billy-Eye proud?
Who probably wants to impress Bill-Eye?
Who is Bill-Eye taking a chance on?
When Bill-Eye visits the Arcade and Dance Barn
What is likely true about Craig?
When was the refrigerator stocked?
After the sun set where was she heading?
What was bothering her?
The main character thinks
How long the narrator probably looked for her place?
Why were the men staring at her?
Why was she probably intimidating?
Afte this story ends, she is
When did she go to Mallory Square?
What is she wearing?
Why did the taxi driver honk?
Who stepped out in front of a purple taxi cab?
Who crossed the street?
What did she know very well?
After this story, how does she feel about her chance of success?
What does narrator feel?
Why she changed her plan?
How long did it probably take her to get across the street?
When she moved through the crowded streets?
Sandee winked at a tourist:
Is Paul an artist for a living?
The Booty Hunt probably lasted:
At the end of this story, who went home with Sandee after they left the bar?
Who did the tourist think was attractive?
What did Sandy drink?
What did people do an a Booty Hunt?
What did Raynolds draw on the napkin?
Who wondered where his drinking companion had gone to?
When was Paul doodling on the napkin?
Who was wearing a black mini-dress?
Who does Paul find likely to be attractive?
The tourists had been at the bar probably for:
Right after the end of this story
What is likely about Sandee?
What did Paul say missed Sandy most?
Why was Crooked Pete's only half full?
Why was Paul kind of embarrassed?
What will Paul do after this?
How did Chloe probably get to the house?
Who is the house cleaned for?
When Chloe began mopping
Why is Chloe cleaning the house?
Why is Chloe mopping?
After this section of the story, Paul:
What is making Chloe so angry?
What is probably true about Chloe?
Chloe believes that the house:
Who is cleaning?
Chloe probably were cleaning the house for:
How long will it probably take the Guidarizzi's to get to Key West?
Where do the Guidarizzi's live?
When did Chloe arrive at the house?
What does Chloe think about the Guidarizzi's coming?
Paul is Chloe's:
Where does Chloe live?
How did Bee know that Chloe and Paul were at the house?
Where was Bee?
Why did Paul call her room "sanctum sanctorium"?
Where did Bee sit?
What will Bee do when Paul and Chloe leave?
What was Bee doing when Paul and Chloe entered?
How long did it probably take Chloe and Paul to walk through the house to Bee's room?
What probably characterize Paul?
How long has the crew most likely been working together?
When Paul spoke to Bee?
What did Paul call Bee's room?
Who built their system?
Who referred to an activity as "Project Big Brother?"
What does Paul cbelive Bee's hobby?
Immediately after the end of this text, how does Bee most likely feel about the island?
Bee thinks that:
How old is Bee?
What is the crew probably doing?
Winston joined The Life:
Chloe has been living The Life since
Why does Paul have a soft spot in his heart for Winston?
Where was The Crew's house?
Winston's favorite mode of communication would probably be?
What is probably true about Paul?
Immediately after the end of this text, Chloe and Paul will be
BWhen Chloe and Paul took a ride on Chloe's Vespa?
How many times did Winston get shot?
Why did Winston only communicate in letters and ads?
How long has it likely been since Winston got shot?
What notorious group was Winston a member of in the late 1960's?
Who was the mentor of "The Life" group?
Chloe thinks that Winston is
After the story ends, Chloe and Paul probably:
Who was a member of Weather Underground?
Chloe belives what behavior is annoying?
How long has Winston probably been a part of underground groups?
Why does Paul perform fake seances?
How long does a seance probably last?
What seems like a skyscraper?
What does Chloe think about the ghost tour?
Who oversees the seances?
What does Chloe think about the owners of the ghost tour?
How long does the ghost tour probably last?
Why does Chloe want a part of the ghost tour?
When Winston saw the tall man:
What were the tourists carrying?
Where will the tall man go next?
After the story ends, Winston and his group probably:
What is probably a characteristic of Paul and Chloe?
When was air conditioning added?
Where is the boutique hotel located?
How often does Paul act in the seances?
What is probably true about Paul?
How old is Winston?
Paul met Raff
Where did Paul buy the champagne?
What were they celebrating at the party?
Why did everyone question when Paul would show up?
Why was there no place for Paul to park?
What is probably a characteristic of Paul?
What is Chloe probably wearing after the party?
What will Paul do?
Who brought a bottle of champagne?
Who masterminded the attack on the company website?
Who is Bee?
What was written on Chloe's shirt?
How long had everyone probably been at the party?
Paul believed that
The party probably lasted
Chloe probably
When did Bee arrive to the party?
Why Chloe belived Paul was annoying?
What are they trying to accomplish?
Why didn't Paul feel concern?
When did Chloe jump up and down?
At the end of the story Chloe is:
How long Paul and Chloe probably spent in Bank of America?
Why did Chloe and Paul need to cash the check quickly.
How does Paul feel about Bank of America?
What is probably the relationship between Chloe and Paul?
Who's internet went down?
How long did it take to cash the check?
What is probably true about Greg?
Immediately after the story ends, Paul and Chloe
Where did Paul and Chloe cash the check?
Who could posibly change mind about the check?
What company did Paul and Chloe hack?
Who is Evan?
Why was Chloe jumping up and down?
What happened after Chloe's team left the bulding?
What does Paul think of Chloe's new look?
Immediately after this story ends, Marie believes
What was Chloe wearing on her wrist?
What did Chloe do after she walked in the room?
What is Chloe's real job?
What does Paul think when Chloe walks in the room?
What is likely the reason Chloe pretending to be Rachel Roth representing Paul?
Who invited everyone to "get on with the dirty business"?
What is probably the reason Chloe wearing a wig?
When did Chloe transform her looks to become Rachel?
Who came on behalf of Mr. Reynolds?
How long does the introductions probably takes?
Why was Chloe dressed so professionally?
What was Chloe trying to do?
Who is Greg Driscol?
What probably happens once the meeting starts?
Why did Paul think this meeting was a crucial?
How long did it probably take to get the meeting underway once Chloe arrived
Who,"lived for this kinda shit".?
When did Paul go to the meeting?
Where did Paul work?
What does Paul believe?
After the end of this story Paul is probably:
Why was Paul feeling paranoid?
How long had Paul probably been involved with Chloe and her gang?
What did Paul tell Chloe he wanted to do after he arrived at his apartment at 5am?
What did Paul believe it wasn't too late for?
What is the plan?
Who did the monsters belong to?
What was probably Paul's job?
they would probably carry out the plan for:
What was not reversible?
Paul is probably:
How is Paul probably feeling at the end of the story?
What did Paul lose the day before?
Who has mesmerizing enthusiasm?
Who was making the sandwiches?
What was Paul relieved about?
Who are Chloe's roommates?
Paul most likely feels what about cleanliness?
How long did Paul have lunch at Chloe's house?
Why does John probably think he is being fired?
Immediately after the story ends
Who did the computer stuff belong to?
After the end of the written story Paul:
When did Chloe ask if peanut butter was okay?
Why did Chloe make Paul a snack?
When Chloe was talking about Paul being fired?
Who belives Paul is being fired?
How long was Paul probably standing in the apartment?
Who owned the laptop?
What Paul thinks of Chloe's house?
What did Chloe make for them to eat?
Why does Paul care about how clean Chloe's house is?
Why did Paul think of getting a gun?
When was Paul angry leaving the company meeting?
What probably made Paul unhappy when he was drawing?
Paul thinks that the woman:
What does John probably think about his coworkers?
Why is Paul angry?
After the story ends, Paul probably:
Where did Paul go after the work meeting?
How long Paul worked at the company?
Paul was drawing at the restaurant:
How much time probably passed since Paul worked on his own scetch?
Who is the girl with magenta hair?
What did Paul do after he observed the woman who stood out?
How long was Paul probably in the restaurant for?
Why did Paul get fired?
Who had short magenta hair?
Why did Paul think the girl with short hair stood out?
Who wanted revenge on his partners?
Who was Greg belived could dishonor him?
Who is Dr. Huff?
How old is Greg?
After the end of this text, the day is
Who went to the podium and said a prayer?
Greg stepped up to the podium:
The choir was asked to sing their anthem
What does Greg wish he and Cynthia could do?
Who was Greg feeling desire and attraction to?
How long did Greg sing?
How long before Greg kisses Cynthia again?
Why should Greg feel guilty?
Who stepped up to the podium?
Who thought that God created humans?
What did Greg do?
Why was Greg feeling guilty?
Immediately after the end of this text
What is probably true about Greg?
Why does Macy probably dislike Carsie?
Macy was probably eavesdropping for:
Who rarely stayed up past 10:00 pm?
Who did Macy think had been falling in love with her?
What did Macy think about Carsie?
What is Macy's favorite room?
After this story, Macy feels:
What happened after Macy went downstairs to the recreation room?
What is probably true about Macy?
Who is thinking of getting married?
How long was likely Elmo in the kitchen?
What hppened after Macy poured a glass of milk?
Why did Macy go down to the kitchen?
Why did Macy go to the media room?
What is Carsie's profession?
What will happen starting on Monday?
What did Macy hear coming from the recreation room?
Immediately after the end of this text
What will Macy do next?
When did Mallie Mae first need a personal aide?
What would Mallie not eat.
When the story ends Macy does what?
What is probably true about Macy?
What color hair does Lilman's fiance likely to have?
What does Mallie Mae think of Lilman's fiance?
How long had Lilman been probably engaged for?
How does Mallie Mae likely feel about her son not becoming a surgeon?
How long it probably took Hadley to make the ham?
Why did Mallie Mae Mobley love Macy?
Who was standing in front of a window?
Who is getting married?
Mallie Mae had lunch
Where is Mallie Mae?
Who said she was not crazy about Lilman's fiance?
How long Macy worked for Mallie?
Why will Hadley's feelings be hurt?
Where was Carnie coming from?
How long it will probably be until Carsie gets married?
After the story ends, Carsie is:
Why did Carnie think her sister was marrying the doctor?
Who said there was no evidence of the killer?
What is most likely true about Carnie?
How many people has Carnie killed?
What is probably true about Carnie?
Carnie called her sister:
Carnie asked to stay with her sister
Why was Carsie getting married?
After the end of the story, Carsie is
Carnie believes that
How long will Carsie's honeymoon likely to last?
What did Carnie got from the old lady?
Who is the old lady?
Who is marrying the doctor?
Who was getting married?
Who Killed Cynthia's husband?
Is Cynthia single?
Why did Greg request the most private booth?
What could Greg not resist?
Why were people probably staring at Greg and Cynthia?
Why did Cynthia's mood turn serious?
What did Cynthia order for dinner?
How long probably after they ordered their food did Cynthia tell Greg her important news?
What is probably true about Greg?
Who ask her mother to move live together?
When Cynthia Blockerman's husband die?
How long did Greg and Cynthia probably know each other?
Who moves in with Cynthia after the story is over?
What is Cynthia's mom's job?
Who had run the Coreyville Pasta House for over thirty years?
Mama Castilla ran The Coreyville Pasta House for over 30 years. How did she get that job?
What does Greg think while waiting for his food?
When did Cynthia tell Greg the news about her mother?
How Carnie was dressed?
How long did it take to prepare Marthas meal?
After the text ends, Carnie
Why does Martha likely to need assistance.
Why did Carnie hit Judy?
Who thought a mistake with the agency was made?
Immediately after the end of this text, Marta
Why did Judy walk down the hall.
When did the doorbell ring?
Who made Martha dinner?
What did Martha eat for dinner
What did Judy deliver to Martha?
Who could watch reruns of Murder over and over?
When Carnie arrived, Nurse Judy belived:
Carnie is probably:
How long was Carnie in the house before she slammed Judy:
Martha received her dinner
How old is Martha
After the end of the story:
How many other businesses are in the strip mall?
What did Rebecca Rebecca and her partner need?
What is probably true about the secretary?
How long did it probably take Rebecca to buy her donuts?
Why did the secretary look on in disbelief?
How long were Rebecca and the secretary at the donut shop?
Who is Rebecca's partner?
Who tasted the new batch of donuts?
Who said that the donuts were fresh?
After the end of the story, Rebecca:
Where did Rebecca find the new office space?
The look in whose eyes stopping him cold?
What is most likely true about Rebecca?
When did Rebecca throw the 10 dollar bill on the counter?
Why did Rebecca throw the donuts at the cashier?
When did Rebecca give the cashier the money?
What does Rebecca think about the office space?
How long did the author spend in Puerto Rico?
Who joined the author for dinner?
What does the waiter think about the 21-year-old girl?
When the thumbnail catch fire?
What does the narrator think of th restaurant?
Immediately after the end of this text, what is the friend's reaction after the episode?
Who is the friend?
Who was frozen in place?
What was the fake nail made of?
Why did the author try to light a cigarette?
She lit her nail on fire:
What probably happens to the wine in the cup?
At the end of the story how did the author feel?
What kind of wine was ordered?
What did the 21-year-old girl lit?
Why were the friends dressed up?
The waiters immediate reaction to the event probably was:
How long have the friends' been seated before the cigarette disaster occurred?
Where was the manager pulled into?
Immediately after the end of this text, the narrator is
Why did the narrator stop going to BA meetings?
What is probably true about him?
What sort of industry is company in?
Who wanted be compencated for an extra load of work?
He probably thinks that
How long was probably BA meeting?
Why didn't he want to do BA work?
How does he feel about BA work?
At the end of this story he is probably
When did the narrator decided to talk to his manager about his BA work?
When was the transition where many of John's colleagues got fired and moved around?
How long did the meeting with a manager probably lasted?
When people got more work?
When was the employment contract signed?
Who did narrator talk to about his new job responsibilities?
What sort of person is narrator likely to be?
What is probably true about the teacher?
After the end of this text
Who is responsible for the student being late?
What was students name?
When was I restating what you are asking?
Why all but one student left?
The teacher is probably
How students were asked to submit their assignments?
When the student explained why he was late, what did the teacher think about his story?
Which of the following ways to turn in homework to the teacher are unacceptable?
How long this teacher have been probably working in school?
Why did the student say he was late?
how much time students usually have to complete their assignments?
Immediately after the end of this text, student feels
Why students refuse to talk?
What never gets lost?
Who said that a mouse was sitting at the edge of the bed?
What happened after the student said she had turned in her assignment but the teacher must have lost it?
Who wondered why her mom hated her?
When did her supposed half sister show up at her door?
The conversation between her and her whole brother probably lasted?
What did the author think her supposed half-sister felt about her?
What is true about her parents?
Why did supposed half-sister came to visit?
When did the author find out that her half-sister was not his sister?
She probably believes that her supposed sister?
Which of her siblings did the author like best?
What is probably true of her mother?
Who was the guy her mother was married to?
Why was the author's supposed half-brother her only whole sibling?
What did the author find out after her mother died?
What did the author's mother probably look like?
Who showed up at the author's door with her husband?
At the end of this story the narrator probably
How long probably was it since the author had seen her supposed half-sister?
What did the author probably do after the end of the story?
Afte this story endds, what does the little boy think?
After her little boy "lost it" the mother probably:
Where did Santa go?
The little boy probably believes that:
Who opened the curtain that exposed Santa's body?
How long had the man probably plsnned working as a mall Santa
Why did the child "lose it"?
When was the curtain that exposed Santa's body opened?
Where were Santa's boot after Santa died?
The doctors probably spent how long trying to save Santa?
Why probably did the man working in the ER finally let the little boy in?
When did Santa's heart attack occur?
Why was the boy upset?
How did the mother feel after her son saw the deceased Santa Clause?
Who did everything they could to save Santa?
What does the ER worker think of the mother?
Who cut off Santa's suit?
What is probably true about the tech who opened the curtain?
who used the restroom?
Where did the manager eventually seat the customers?
what can you say about the dad?
after the story, how does the dad feel?
what is the daughter's favorite food?
why did the dad and daughter leave?
how long did they probably stay in the restaurant?
They probably debated whether to stay or leave for:
After the end of this story, the daughter probably thinks:
where was the new table?
They ordered their food:
when did they first see their waitress?
What meal did the daughter order?
What is probably true about the restaraunt manager?
how did the dad feel?
Why was the woman with the bundle of clothes rushing?
The daughter and parent probably think that:
Who spotted their favorite meal on the menu?
How does the writer feel about the stability of the family living above?
How long has this couple been married?
How well off is probably the couple in this story?
Who brought home a mini motorcycle?
Why do so many people probably live in a one bedroom apartment upstairs?
This couple thinks their upstairs neighbors are:
The noise that came from the apartment upstairs probably lasted
Who spit through the floorboards onto the porch?
What did the tenant find on her porch that the neighbors upstairs were responsible for?
Why were the downstairs neighbors so glad to move out of their apartment?
Why their plants were dead?
About how often did this couple likely change apartments?
What were the worst actions committed by the neighbors who lived in the apartment upstairs?
When they called the sheriff:
After the tenants moved out, they probably felt
When the racing fuel leaked through the porch floorboards?
What was dripping from above onto their balcony?
After the end of this story, this couple is probably:
How many radiation appointments were there?
What was the name of the writer's wife?
Why was the writer devastated on May 2?
When did his wife died?
The speaker probably thinks that:
What occurred on April 2, 2014?
Who died?
How does the narrator probably feels about his wife?
After the end of this story, the storyteller is probably:
What did the surgeon say to the speaker?
What is probably true about the speaker?
The radiation appointments probably lasted:
Why did the speaker stay in the hospital?
How long was the narrator probably helping his wife with her treatments?
Who found tumors in the wife's brain?
On April 2, 2014 how did the writer feel?
Their wife died:
Immediately after the end of this text, the narrator
The time she took thanking the students for welcoming her probably took
How old was the student?
The substitute teacher probably believes that
How long did the teacher probably substitute at the school?
What did the teacher do when the student misbehaved?
What is probably true about the substitute teacher?
What did the student learn after meeting the teacher?
Who complained about everything?
What nice things have the students done for her?
Why was the student misbehaving?
Who needed an emergency surgery?
What happened to the original teacher?
What was the nicest thing the student did for the teacher?
When did she become a substitute teacher?
At the end of this story she is probably
What is probably true about the student?
Why did she thank the students?
Why does the writer thinks being a teacher is great?
Why wouldn't she fit under the table?
What does the pregnant woman's friend probably likes to do?
How long was probably the ride to ER?
Why did the owner kick the two ladies out?
Immediately after the end of this text, how does the owner feel about the two friends?
Why didn't the pregnant woman and her friend ever go out together again?
What is probably true about her?
Why did the bar owner kick the pregnant woman out of the bar?
What did the club owner do?
Who wanted to hear "the music of her culture?"
Who is the bar owners wife?
How does she feel about different cultures now?
Who engaged in conversation in a booth at the bar?
The rude man lingered around the booth at the bar probably for:
How does the pregnant woman feel about the rude man at the bar?
When did the pregnant woman hurt her hand:
When did they go to ER?
After the end of the story, the pregnant woman is probably
What kind of bus route is this?
Where do people with disabilities have priority seating on this bus?
When did the woman who had to move ask the man what he would do?
How old is Meg?
What is the race of the author?
How long did the squabble take place?
Meg probably believes what of her husband?
What did Meg do after her anger simmered?
The bus ride probably lasted:
How did Meg and the author ride the bus after the squabble?
After he got off the bus, the man probably feels:
How does the bus driver feel about the situation?
Who was angry as the bus rode on?
Why did the elderly woman have to move?
Where was the bus riding through?
What did Meg ask her husband at the end?
What month of the year did the even happen?
Why was the author visiting Chicago?
What emotion was the author likely feeling afterwards?
How many students were in the class?
What does the author tend to do when following instructions?
What does the author say they never build?
When did step 15 to say to put the pencil down?
Why was the author surprised by the instructions?
How long did the students have to complete the instructions after the teacher brought them up on the projector?
What type of class did this take place at?
How many students were in the class?
Who pulled off the prank?
Why was the author frustrated?
How long did it take the author to notice Step 15?
How does the author feel about the value of the teacher's prank to the students?
What grade was the author in when the text took place?
How did the author feel about the purpose of the test?
The art class probably lasted about:
Who put up the instructions for the students to follow?
How does the author feel about the art teacher now that he is out of school?
what's probably true about Doctor Brandenbury?
Why did the narrator's mother find them a new doctor?
why did the boy need to see a doctor?
How often had the narrator had such an injury occur?
After receiving the shot, what likely happened to the narrator's infected foot?
How did the narrator likely feel about doctor's visits and shots after the Tetanus shot?
what does Doctor Brandenbury feel about children?
how long did the doctor's visit take?
how old is Doctor Brandenbury?
What did the narrator attempt to request of the doctor?
who stuck the needle in the boy's arm?
what happened while the boy was playing baseball?
where the boy go with his mom?
When after playing baseball did the narrator need to go to the doctor for a Tetanus shot?
after the visit, what does the mom feel about Doctor Brandenbury?
How much closer to home was the new doctor's office
How common was it for the narrator and their brothers to play baseball without shoes?
Who found another doctor that treated the narrator like they were human?
How would he feel if accounting made a mistake and his paycheck was delayed for 2 days?
He found out the job wasn't what he expected. He learned this:
What is his favorite activity?
How long did he last in total at the jobthat he described?
What city did he have his worst job in?
After this job description, do you think he went back to work for the company at some point in the future?
The author threatened suit before finding a new job?
What is the relationship status of the author?
What section of the city was it where he had his worst job?
Who was not intimidated?
Where did the author have the incident described?
The author probably now works in which city?
Why did the author threaten to contact the labor board?
What is the gender of the author?
Why was he upset at the restaurant?
The author probably thinks that:
What is his likely education status?
How long did it take for the author to get the second job?
Who is the stranger?
How does the man in dreads feel about the author being stuck?
When did the man in the dreads open the door for the author?
why was the 14-year-old boy crying?
After the author found her parents, they were probably:
How does the 14-year-old boy feel after the episode?
where did 14-year-old boy go?
Who were those on vacation with the 14-year-old boy?
How long was the family on Tybee Island?
Where did the author get trapped?
How strong is the man in dreads?
who is claustrophobic?
When did the 14-year-old boy hug the stranger?
Why did the author panic when she couldn't open the door?
How many siblings does the author have?
How long did the 14-year-old boy stay locked in?
Who opened the door for the author?
How does the stranger feel the 14-year-old boy?
How long was the speaker grilling out that day?
When did the family decide what to eat?
What kind of car was the dad driving?
Why did the drowning occur?
Where was the aunt when she drowned?
What did the family eat?
The length of time between the news breaking and the family finding out was
How does the writer feel about his mom's family now?
Why was the mom upset?
Why was the Ant at the lake swimming?
What kind of table were the child and mother sitting at?
While the mom was smirking about dad remembering things, what did dad hear on the radio?
At the end of the story, the family is
Mom's relation that drowned was who?
After the aunt drowned, how does dad feel?
The author believes the dad was
Why was dad trying to memorize what to get at the store?
What season was it?
At the end, how does the girl feel about these episodes?
when did the father start the business?
How long was the author living alone with his father?
How does the author probably feel about this mother?
Where were the author and his father living?
What is probably true about the author's mother?
When did the author's father start dating online?
What is true about the girl now?
Who was responsible for the delay in paying the settlement?
How does the girl feel living in the trailer?
Who lived in Franklin, TN?
Who met a woman online?
After the end of the story, the author is probably
How long was it before the settlement was received?
Who met a woman who lived in Franklin, TN?
Why was the girl living with her father?
Why did dad turn on the electricity?
Where did the father meet another woman?
who took out the knife?
The author probably believes that:
what did the senior members have to teach the younger ones?
What did the author say after the young member drew the pocket knife?
When did the author join the boys scout?
After the author intervened, the young members probably:
What happened after the senior member told the boy to drop the knife?
why did the boy pull out a knife?
How long did it take to diffuse the situation?
what can be assumed about the boy who took out the knife?
How old was the boy scout who drew the knife?
how long did the argument between the boys go on for?
Why did one of the young boys scout threaten the other?
how old is the boy who took out the knife?
Where was the scout trip going?
how did the senior member feel?
after the incident, how does the boy who took out the knife feel?
Who was at an Eagle Scout rank?
The author took her daughter to the San Diego zoo:
What animal is the daughter's favorite?
The mother collapsed after carrying her young daughter, stroller and diaper bag:
What probably happened to the ice sculptures after the author saw them at the Bronx zoo?
Why did the husband go to San Diego?
What does the husband probably own?
What does the author do for a living?
Who wanted to feed the deer and baby pigs?
Why did the deer swarm the author's daughter?
Who enjoyed jumping on the bouncy trampoline?
How does the author probably feel about laws requiring the humane treatment of animals?
What did the deer in the petting zoo like to eat?
Why does the mother believe the petting zoo incident was funny and also not so funny?
How does the author feel about the older zoos that kept animals in small cages?
How long was did the husband's business trip to San Diego last?
After the end of the story the woman is probably:
How long did the author spend at the Bronx zoo?
What were the animals that walked around and made startling noises at Catskill Game Farm?
what is probably true about Bruce?
how long did it take to restrain the patient?
why was Bruce traumatized by the event?
What does the author likely believe the fate of that patient was by the next day?
after the incident, how long will it take Bruce to forget about this?
how does the nurse feel about all of this?
When did the author first witness their most traumatic experience in the field?
What is the most likely outcome for someone with the same liver disease once their body and brain becomes toxic?
where did the situation take place?
what happened after Bruce was called to the med floor?
Who placed the patient in leather restraints?
For how long was the author plagued by images of the patient's face at night when he was going to sleep?
When did the patient finally succumb to the disease?
how old was Bruce when the incident happened?
What led the author to compare the patient to a mad animal?
who was going to die before morning?
After this encounter, the author most likely saw this condition in other patients at the private hospital:
Why was the patient being restrained with leather restraints?
When did the man start kicking the stones off the road?
What happened after the Indian man headed to work to cause the Indian man to kick stones off the road?
Why did the kids on the bus help the Indian man?
What did the kids on the school bus help the Indian man do?
The interviewer probably believes that:
What is probably true about the man's actions?
What was been kicked?
What does the Indian man do for work?
Why were the people kicking off the stones?
Who is relating the story?
What vehicle dropped stones on the road?
How long did it take the team to clean up the road?
After the kid's assistance, how does the Indian man feel about society in general?
How long did it take the kids and the Indian man to clear the the stones off the road?
How did the Indian man feel about the kids helping him kick stones?
At the end, the man that took the lead kicking the stones is:
Who assisted the man in kicking off the stones off the road?
What does the Indian man do for fun on the weekend?
The author and her son probably have what kind of relationship?
Why
What did the mother and son snuggle under?
When did the author hold her baby?
The oldest son probably believes that:
How old is the author's other child?
How does tauthor feel about herhe
What kind of mood did John wake up in?
After the end of the story, the mother probably:
Why did the mother decide to cuddle with her son?
What is the first chore the mother does later?
How does the author deal with problems that arise in her life
What is probably true about the mother?
How long did the mother cuddle with her son?
How long did the
Who snuggled with with baby?
When did the mother coax her son?
With whom did the author spend her day of laziness?
What happened when HR confronted the man?
How many more jobs did the investigator get after solving the case?
Why was the investigator called in?
Who completed the job in 4 days?
The series of incidents occurred
Who was the perpetrator?
How did the investigator feel about finishing the case in 4 days?
Who is in charge of hiring and firing?
Why was the perpetrator smearing his feces all over the bathroom?
How long did it take the engineer to complete the job?
The visiting engineer believes that the perpetrator
What is the visiting narrator's job?
What did the investigator complete in 4 days?
When did he go undercover?
What does the contractor think of the behavior of the engineer?
After confessing, the perpetrator was probably
How long did it take for HR to fire the engineer after finding he committed the crime?
What is probably true about the engineer who was confronted by HR?
When did he learn about the murder at the property?
What did he learn about the property?
Who told him about the murder at the property?
How long did it take the young man to tour the property?
What happened to the guy who committed the murder?
Why did the main character choose not to buy the house
The young man is probably:
After the conversation, what is he going to do with the property?
What happened after the potential buyer found out about the murder?
After the end of the story the young man went on to:
The main character thinks the house:
What is probably true about him?
What is the most likely thing he believes?
Where was the head of the murdered person found?
Who showed the main character around the house?
what happened to the man who commented the murder
How long did he keep the head in the property?
Why did he feel uncomfortable about the property?
How long was the wedding of the partner's sister?
How long did it take the wedding party to prepare the tins?
What did people break at the wedding?
How will this person handle their own wedding?
Who attended the person's partner's sister's wedding?
After the end of the story the partner is feeling how about having mother involved in planning her wedding?
Who made the wooden box?
What is probably true about the partner and her mother?
What happened with the the plate fragments?
How did the partner's sister feel after the wedding?
Who does not want mother to help plan a wedding?
Where did the wedding party go to make the keepsake tins?
Why was the partner's sister cringing at the wedding?
How did the partner's sister feel about breaking plates?
When did the person's partner's sister get married?
Why did the partner's sister cringe?
What is the bride's name?
What did the partner's sister think about the help she received from her parents?
How long did the semester last at art school?
Why was the narrator teased and made fun of for the entire semester?
When did the man have critiques?
The narrator believes their mental error was:
Who called the professor mom?
How does the student feel after calling his professor Mom?
Who decided to order open critiques?
Who was the student's professor?
Why was the student saying critical words to the other student?
What kind of an environment is the advertising world described as?
What kind of job does the narrator likely work for at the end of the story?
The critiques the narrator mentions at her art school likely last:
What was his temperament when criticized on his artwork after graduating?
Who made the personal critique to the girl?
When does the student graduate art school?
The narrator after the events of the story:
What kind of school was the student attending?
The narrator made a mental error:
Who is Dr. Hotshot
What type of Dr is Dr Lea
Who gave them Mr Lee's history?
The nurse laughs:
What is probably true about Dr. Hotshot?
Where the Dad and the narrator go?
When did Dad come to the ER?
How long was the family in the ER?
Why did the siblings take their father to the ER?
Dr Lee believes that
After the scan shows no damage, what did the family do?
Where did everyone go after leaving the hospital?
Dr Hotshot probably thinks that
How long was Dr. Hotshot in the room?
What is the author's nickname for the MD?
How does Dr Lea feel about his dad.
Why was Dad in the hospital
After the end of the story, everyone:
Who is Billie Jo's teacher?
What is probably true about Billie Jo
Why did Billie Jo not hand in her homework?
What did Billy Jo do with her homework for the next assignment after the dog incident?
Why was the daughter devestated?
What is the dogs name?
How long did it take to do the homework?
How often did Billie Jo hand in homework?
Billie Jo believes that
How old was Billie Jo when the dog ate her homework
What did the dog eat?
How did Billy Jo feel about the dog eating her homework?
When did Looker chew and eat a $10 bill?
What is probably true about Mama Bear?
What type of student was Billie Jo?
Who had completed her homework
After Mama comes to school Billie Jo feels
Who was the black lab?
Why were people greedy and selfish?
How old was the party throwing parent?
What skyrocketed?
What seems true about the narrators opinion?
What does the author think of the sole parent?
Upon seeing the true expense of the party, the narrator is probably:
When did the narrator first come to the DC/NOVA area?
How long did the party probably last?
How long did it probably take for the host to plan the party?
What's something the author wouldn't buy for their son's birthday party?
How is the host related to the narrator?
Who wanted to leave the party?
Why did the carnival rides seem over the top to the author?
The narrator probably thinks that the party is:
What party did the narrator get invited to?
Where was the party?
After leaving the party how did the author feel?
What happened to the area after 9/11?
The patient thinks that
The nurse came back to work:
When did the author experience blood leakage between their abdominal cavity lining and skin
The nurse who drained the author's blood was likely:
after the story, the patient is probably
Who used scissors to reopen the wound.
What did the nurse use to create a hole to drain the blood?
What is probably true about this hospital
It is likely true that the author experienced the event:
How did the junior nurses clean the ceiling
The total time it took the patient to heal:
The author's blood was not drained after the first five days in the hospital for how long?
How long did it take the author to fully recover from the surgical mishap?
Who did the author say was appalled that they had not been drained during the weekend?
Where did the blood hit?
Why was the author slowly leaking blood post surgery?
Why didn't the patient get proper treatment?
The author apologized to the nurse for laughing because they probably believed that their action:
How long was his partner's call to the police?
Why did the ambulance have to come?
After what had happened, how did the writer feel?
When did he tell his partner to call the police?
The author needed thinks he needed psychological help because
What did the writer think of the man who cut himself?
The author kicked in the door
Who slit his arm?
How late does the author work?
What did the author open?
Where did the ambulance take the man who cut himself?
What was the writer wearing?
Why did the writer see a psychologist?
What is the author doing now?
Who was bleeding?
What did the author probably do after the scene?
How long were emergency vehicles present at the scene?
What did the man use to cut himself?
The author probably believes that:
After the end of this story, the driver is probably:
Where did the drive go to?
What does the author carry with him in his truck from now on?
What did the driver feel about the shooter?
What is probably true of the driver?
In the years following this story, the author is probably:
How long did it take the driver to get to his workplace?
Who called 911?
The author called the police:
Why did the coworker yell "Oh sh*t!"?
Who told the other coworkers about the shooting?
The driver called 911:
Where in California did the event take place?
How long did it take the author to reach his workplace after seeing the shooting?
Why did the author floor the accelerator?
What is probably true about the author?
What is the driver's name?
Why does the IRS investigate organizations for fraud?
Why did the health clinic close after a few months?
Why did he feel he made the right decision about picking the job?
Who paid more?
Where did the narrator decide to work for after receiving two job offers?
What kind of financial situation is he in?
How does the narrator feel about the situation at the health clinic?
His time in school probably lasted:
When did the IRS come after the health clinic?
How long had the health clinic had been in operation for?
When did they have the situation?
He probably feels that because of his decision:
What is true about him?
The person that took the job he decline probably is:
The narrator had interned at what kind of company prior to receiving two job offers?
What job did he choose to work?
After learning about what happened to the health clinic that offered the narrator a job:
Who only received two years of jail time?
What is mom's occupation?
What kind of discussions were had at the dinner table at times?
When the twins go to college, the mom will probably be:
The narrator is likely in what situation at the end of the story?
The events of the story take place over the course of:
Why would the mom and dad sometimes joke with each other?
The kid's probably believe that their mom:
What is probably true about the mom?
Who does not get to complain on "Fun Friday?"
When did their family do "About Your Day?"
What is true about the narrator?
Where would the family have family dinner usually?
When did the narrator mention Fun Friday?
What is likely true about the narrator's children?
The narrator believes:
Dinner probably usually lasted:
Why is the narrator grateful?
Who is at odds with the Dad at times?
Where does Ana most like to buy food?
Why was Ana running?
Ana probably thinks that Jean Paul is what kind of person?
Jean Paul told Ana to be careful because he believed:
After having this dream, Ana most likely did what?
What is likely true about Ana's fashion sense?
Ana waved to the night concierge:
Who was the man that shot Ana in her dream?
Who had the dream?
When did Ana scream and start running?
Where did Ana's dream happen?
Who told Ana to be careful?
How long did the effects of Ana's dream last?
About how long did Ana's dream last?
Where did Ana live in the dream?
Why did Ana get killed in the dream?
After the dream, how was Ana feeling?
What is probably true about Ana?
What position is the lady that Julie asked the opinion of?
What does Julie think her problem is?
What kind of relationships did Julie lose?
How did Julie feel after her mental episode was over?
Why did Julie's relationships with her friends from high school end?
What does Julie enjoy doing in her free time?
Julie lost her job:
Why did Julie lose her job?
How did Julie come across to other people?
Julie was employed at the job she mentioned losing for how long?
How did Julie feel about losing her job?
What did Julie ask her colleague at work?
What kind of disorder does Julie suffer from?
What kind of help did Julie get after the situations in her story?
When did Julie lose her job?
Why did Julie ask the doctor to remind her of herself?
What did Julie want to do that she never wanted to do before?
About how long was Julie hospitalized for between September and February?
How does the narrator feel about his mother?
What is probably true about his affinity for animals?
How does he feel giving up the puppies?
When does he get another dog?
What color was Lilo?
After the end of the story he is probably what?
When were the three puppies given away?
Why did he love those dogs so much?
AFter the end of the story, how does the narrator feel about Lilo?
Where did the narrator take the puppies to?
Who was the biggest of the litter?
How long does he love animals?
Why did the narrator have to give away the puppies?
Where did the puppies probably sleep at night?
Who was the biggest puppy?
Who adopted Lilo?
When did he give up his 3 puppies?
How long was the narrator living with his mother?
Who suffered abuse?
What is the occupation of the author?
How long was she talking about body safety with her kids?
When was the woman raped?
The author got justice:
How long has the author been working with the community?
How long do her children worry about rapists?
After the end of the story, how long does she struggle with her rape?
What is the author afraid of doing?
Why were her children worried?
What are some truths about the author?
What did she write?
How does the mom feel about the world?
author probably believes that
How long will she write memoirs about her rape and life?
Who was raped?
After the end of this story, the author is probably:
Why is the author struggling now.
Why did narrator hit the dogs with a tree branch?
Who called the dogs off?
After the end of this story, the writer probably:
After the story, the narrator probably:
How does the writer feel about his client now?
What is probably true about the client?
What did the client give the dogs?
The narrator probably thinks that:
What will happen to the dogs?
What is probably true about the writer?
When was the writer attacked.
Why was the writer attacked?
The narrator grabbed the tree branch:
Who did the dogs belong to?
The dog attack probably lasted:
What is the narrator's job?
How long will it take the writer to recover from the injuries received during this incident?
What did the writer do when the dogs attacked?
The author probably believes that:
After the author loses her temper during an argument, what probably happens?
Why did the author enter treatment?
What ailment is the author suffering from?
How did the author develop BPD?
When did the author begin to feel happier?
How long did the author have BPD?
How has it probably been for the author's boyfriends being in a relationship with someone who has BPD?
How long has been the author's second relationship?
When was the author diagnosed with BPD?
At what age did the author start her second relationship?
Regarding family members/lovers/caregivers, the author probably:
How did the author change from the first relationship to the second?
The author probably believes that:
Who does the author no longer worry about coming home from work?
What did the author think she needed in the beginning?
When did the author begin to manage her BPD in relationships?
What does the author think about the question?
Why does the girl avoid driving over a particular bridge?
She is probably
Why did she feel worthless after driving across the bridge?
Whose farm was she brought to?
What kind of movies does the girl in the story hate?
What happened to the writer when they were playing a video game?
How long was she in therapy
What video game did the girl play?
Her boyfriend thought she was
How does the girl feel about her ex boyfriend?
Her flashbacks started after
Who told the writer about the Bloody Mary game.
What kind of person was her boyfriend?
Who did she tell about her rape?
What did she feel like after leaving the farm?
What was the name of the video game?
How long did the girl watch the CSI episode for?
How does the girl feel years after her assault?
Who is the woman who picked up the husky?
After the end of this story, the women with the puppy will probably
What was the woman trying to get the husky driving?
How did the person feel about the German Shepherd approaching his puppy?
Why was he worried?
How long did it take for the woman to take her pup home?
What did a man come in to get his German Shepherd?
What breed were the two dogs?
What is the name of the woman who owns the husky?
What is probably true about the puppy?
What is probably true about the GS?
Who started barking at the German Shepherd and Husky?
When did he and his puppy spot a German Shepherd and a Husky?
When did the owner wrestle the GS into the car?
Why did the people form a wall around their dog?
How did the grandma feel about German Shepherds after that day?
This whole event probably lasted
The women probably believe that
Why didn't Bully #2 like the author?
What holiday was it?
Why did the author ask Bully #2 about Machiavellianism?
After they insulted the bullies, the author probably:
The writer thinks:
How long did it take the writer to cash out?
What is true about the writer
Where was the author looking up definitions for words?
At the end of the story the writer:
Who was the financial director of the author's company?
What tattoo does the writer have?
What is probably true about the author?
The author insulted one of their bullies:
During the reaction to their question, the author probably felt:
The author's coworkers private conversation in the back room probably lasted:
The writer locked eyes:
why did bully #1 have a distaste for the writer?
Who hated the tattoos?
How are the group of boys related to each other?
How did the pranksters feel after they were shot at?
Why were the boys scared at the final act?
When did a man shoot at the pranksters?
Why was the man kissing his girlfriend mad?
How does the group (or some) of boys feel after the shooting episode?
When was this stunt conducted?
What does the man shooting at them believe?
The boys' stunt probably lasts:
What did the man do after the pranksters knocked on his trunk?
Who shot the gun?
Who engaged in this occasional stunt?
Who ran after the shots being fired?
What is probably true about the pranksters?
How did the man in the car feel after they knocked on his trunk?
Where do the boy go after the stunt?
What is probably true about the 14-year-old boy?
The gunshots probably were fired for how long?
How long did it take him to shovel the neighbor's snow?
After the end of the story he is probably feeling how toward his father?
The author's father is probably:
The author probably now feels that his mother:
How long did the author live in Indiana?
How did he feel when he grew up about the work his dad made him do as a youth?
What does the man make his children do now that he is grown?
What did the author's family sell in one of their businesses?
Why did he shovel the sidewalk?
After having their snow shoveled, the elderly residents are probably:
Who does the author's family usually vote for in elections?
What did his dad do for a living?
Why did the author's mother make him shovel the snow from the homes of the elderly?
What is probably true about his dad?
Who shoveled the sidewalk?
Who was pressuring the author to shovel the snow?
When did the author appreciate having to shovel snow?
When did the person shovel the sidewalks?
The rent in the neighborhood that the author moved to was most likely:
Following this setback, the author at the end of this managed to do what?
What did he fail at?
Approximately how long did it take the author to produce their first play?
How did his publicist feel about the failure?
How successful was the other's third play?
What is his line of work?
Why did the second play fail?
Why did the author most likely bite off more than they could chew with the second play?
When did the author have to move to a poor part of town?
Who did he go to court with?
How long did it take to realize his play was a failure?
When did he walk up and down the stairs?
Are his parents proud of him after his failure?
Who does the author say had gotten too big for their britches?
The author probably believed which of the following after this experience?
Where was the park that the author decided to go to to reflect?
What city does he live in?
How does the nurse's daughter likely feel after her phone conversation with her mom?
What job did the person have?
Why might a woman expect that her pregnancy is going to end?
Who bawled all day?
What does the nurse probably like the most about her job?
When did the nurse find out about her daughter's miscarriage?
How does the nurse's daughter feel after hearing the news about miscarriage?
How long has the nurse likely worked in the OB/GYN field?
Who gives the bad news sometimes instead of a nurse?
When does the nurse have to give bad news?
Who was the person on the phone with the nurse when she was at work calling someone about pregnancy?
How long will the person continue to be a nurse?
How does the nurse probably feel about her daughter?
How many times has the nurse delivered bad news?
What is probably true about the nurse?
What is the nurse unable to offer over the phone?
Why was the nurse sad about her own daughter's news one day?
How does the nurse feel about giving bad news?
After the story ends Person D probably
How did Person D get to Starbucks?
Who calls Person B's mom after talking to person B?
Person D claims to have given the kindle back to person C when:
Person C probably thinks
After the end of this story how did Person D feel toward person C?
Why is Person C going talk to Person D's mum?
How long was the conversation between Person A and Person B's mom?
Who lived in Newport until she was 18?
When did Person D finally give back the kindle?
Person C probably believes what about person D?
What is probably true about person B's feelings toward person A after the story?
Who was person A going to call?
What got left in the car
When did person C argue about the Kindle?
How long did Person B think their mum grew up in Yorkshire?
Why was Person C upset?
What was Person C missing?
Why did the high school student hold on tight every time the bell rang?
The high school student learned how to signal their stop:
What city did the writer move to?
When did the writer move to the big city?
After the story ended the student probably:
The entire bus ride home lasted how long?
What did the writer smell like?
What did the student like to bring for lunch?
How did the writer's parents feel at the end of the day?
Why did the writer miss his stop?
How long was the students ride to school?
How did the student feel about riding the city bus?
How did the writer feel about his first day?
Who asked the high school student if he rang the bell?
What is probably true about the high school student's parents?
What was the high school student worried they smelled like?
Who did the writer talk to about missing his stop?
How does the writer feel about cigarettes?
After the story ended he probably:
When was the daughter born?
How long was the author's wedding ceremony?
Why did they start dating?
How did the author feel as his wedding date approached
Who was in foster care?
How long did the relationship last?
Who took an interest in the 17 year old?
After the end of the story, the author is
What is probably true of the author?
Where did he live when he met the mother of his child?
Who is the author?
What did they name their daughter?
What is probably true about the author?
What did the author feel for his daughter?
The author wanted to believe:
Why did he not cancel the wedding?
When and why was the "Unexpected Song" played?
After the end of the story, the mother is probably:
What is probably true about the mother?
Who went back to the hospital?
After the twins were released they:
The twins were watched closely by the doctors:
What is true about the mother?
Where was the male twin transferred?
the mother probably believes that:
How did the mother feel about the birth of her kids?
Where did the babies have to go
Why did the babies have to go to the NICU?
When did the mother cry?
How long were the group sessions?
How did the mother cope?
what did they name the twins
How long were the children in the NICU
Who was rushed to the NICU
What race is the mother?
Who thinks that social justice means fighting to get your way
After the principal changed the 64% to a 70.01%, the teacher probably:
What is probably true about the student?
Who deserved to go to Cal?
Why did the girl bring her mother with her?
The AP lit student contested the "D" on her report card:
The dispute over the "D" on the girl's report card probably lasted:
Why did the girl get a D on her report card
What did the principal do after the girl complained?
What is true about the mother
How long did the meeting last with the teacher and principal
Viewing social justice as "fighting to get your way" instead of doing the right thing means what, according to the narrator?
What did the principal think after he changed the grade
Where did the girl want to go to College
What is probably true about the author?
What is the girls college major
The girl in the class probably believes:
The author probably feels:
The writer's parents took her and her brother to Vienna. When did they do this?
Where did the family go after their trip to Austria?
The family spent several days in Vienna. They saw many attractions. How does the writer feel about Vienna?
How did the child feel about spending time with his parents in Austria?
The writer and her family visited many attractions in Vienna. When it was all over, she was :
The family traveled to Vienna. They took the train. How long were they in Vienna?
The family ate breakfast at their hotel. What did they eat?
After the end of the story, how did the child remember his trip years later?
Who had a birthday?
How long was their trip to Austria?
Someone was nearly hit by a train. Who nearly was hit by a train?
The writer's brother went on the trip too. She thinks he enjoyed the trip. She believes this is because:
Where is the Ice Cave?
Why did the child go to Austria?
what did he have for breakfast?
When did the children go to Austria?
The trip was a lot of fun for the writer. But not for Chris. Who was Chris?
The train arrived at the station. The writer was excited to be in Vienna. Why was she so excited?
How long did the author date her boyfriend at 16?
After leaving her boyfriend at 16, the author probably:
What does the author like to use all the time?
The author dated the troubled young man because:
What happened to the boyfriend after they broke up?
The author probably believes that her boyfriend at 16:
The author suffered from depression:
How long did she date the abusive boyfriend?
Who suffered from depression?
Who was abusive to the author?
What did the author learn from her abusive relationship?
What did she love most about her abusive boyfriend
What is probably true now about the author's boyfriend at 16?
Why did the author leave her boyfriend at 16?
What is the first name of the author's boyfriend at 16?
Why did the boyfriend refuse every resource the author found?
When did the author breakup with her boyfriend?
What did the author think of her boyfriend at 16?
Nick probably thought
Who owned the apartment the author had been taken to?
Why did the author want to leave?
Where did Nick take her to see his movie
When did Nick show her the fight scene?
After the story ended the author probably:
Who wanted her to see the movie he had acted in?
What school was she attending
The author's date with Nick probably lasted:
What is probably true about Nick?
What kind of work does Nick do?
Why did she think Nick was crazy?
When did the author manage to escape?
After the end of the story, the author probably:
What is Nick's disorder?
How long did the author know Nick before going to his place?
What did Nick want the author to look at?
How does author probably feel about seeing Nick again?
How did the narrator put out the fire?
Approximately how long did the narrator's morning prayer last?
What does the narrator think his neighbors should've done?
Who put out the fire?
How did the fire start?
Who asked the narrator to describe this event?
The narrator put out the fire:
What is the narrator's profession?
What does the narrator think about the infrastructure in his neighborhood?
What is probably true about the narrator?
What is probably true about the fire?
How long did it take for the narrator to extinguish the fire?
Why did the narrator put out the fire?
After putting out the fire, the narrator probably feels:
When did the narrator try to extinguish the fire?
What did the narrator mention about the weather?
After the end of this story, how was the narrator probably feeling?
What was on fire?
Where did the robbery crime take place?
What is probably true about the nurse?
At the end of the story, the nurse is probably:
What is probably true about the hospital?
Who were those placed on stretchers?
Why was did event considered gross and tragic?
The nurse probably believes that:
Hospital responded to Code 66 when:
What did the nurse perceive this episode as?
Why was the ER nurse grossed out?
Who were those that had to be in the emergency unit at Nyack Hospital that day?
How long ago was the women involved in the crime deemed young?
What kind of machine guns did the bank robbers use?
How does the nurse feel about the women involved?
After the bank robbery, the criminals are probably?
When did this hospital scenario occur?
How long did it take to treat the victims of the bank robbery?
Who came up for parole?
The writer probably thinks that:
Why did she write a note
Who escorted the narrator down to the emergency room?
How approximately much time elapsed from when the narrator woke up to when she went to the hospital?
How did the narrator feel immediately after taking the protential lethal dose of anti-depressants
What age was her daughter?
After the story the writer probably
The bus ride lasted:
Who escorted the writer?
The narrator took the entire bottle of anti-depressants before which of the following:
Where did the narrator send the next four days?
The narrator probably believes that her decision to go to the hospital was what?
Why did the narrator decided to go to the hospital?
The writer chugged the bottle:
Where was the writer going?
After being in the psychiatric ward for four days, the narrator is probably what?
What is true about the writer?
After the four days in the psychiatric ward, the narrator is probably happy to be able to see who?
Why did the guy hold his camera up
what is true about the girls
The girls believe that
who turned around
what did they drink?
How did Robin Wilson probably feel after giving the roommates a shot out?
after the end, the girls get
The roommates are probably more carefully of the following:
After seeing the man who apologized and bought them beers on stage giving them a shot out made the roommates feel what way?
Why did Robin Wilson of the Gin Blossoms give the roommates give a shot out?
Who was the man who accidentally blocked the view of the roommates waiting to see the next band?
What was the name of the band that Robin Wilson was a part of?
How long was it that the roommates realized that the apologizer who blocked their view was the man on the stage?
What happened immediately after the man stood accidentally in the way of the roommates?
Who sang Hey Jealousy?
The concert lasted
My friends and i drank
what is the roommates favorite food?
Who is on the Board of Directors
Who did the stepson apologize to?
After the end of the story Becky probably:
Whose behavior mirrored that of an addict at their worst?
Becky found a new job:
At the end of the story, Becky is probably
Why is Becky now hyper-vigilant about child abuse issues?
What did Becky's boss decide he needed?
Becky probably believes her children feel that she:
Who had a stress heart attack
Becky probably believes that
Becky became hyper-vigilent
What did the step-son threaten
Becky's illness probably lasted
Why was Becky angry
What is probably true about Becky
What is probably true about Becky's husband?
Becky's anger probably will last:
Explain how the girl felt the same or different about their relationship.
Who did the author avoid?
Why did the author feel surprised that the girl wanted to break up?
Where did the author consider transferring?
What is most likely true about him?
How long did it take them to walk along the beach?
His girlfriend asked to go on a break?
Who went on a trip.
When did the author date the girl in this story?
How does he most likely feel:
Explain why the same thing will or will not happen to the author in his next relationship.
Why did the author have a manic episode?
In the end of the story, he is most likely:
Why did the author's girlfriend get depressed?
What color was her hair?
How long were the author and girl on the beach?
What was the author's college major?
Where was the author during the trip?
What had a long name that the author doesn't remember.
Why could the author not afford to lose all of her sight?
When did the author go to the ophthalmologist?
At some point after the story, the author most likely:
The author dealt with this issue for a period of time equivalent to:
Who verified that the author could not see out of one eye?
How long did the author and her husband wait to see a doctor after her vision problems started?
Who told the author that she would just have to wait and see if her vision came back?
Since both the author and her husband are students, what are their ages?
After the author got her vision back she probably:
How does the author feel about her eye doctor?
What is the author's major in college?
What were the sexes of the author's two children?
When did the author get the news that she had a neurological condition in one eye?
What did the author's husband believe about her eye condition initially?
What did the author still not have even when she first regained her vision in the eye that made driving impossible?
What is the likely length of time that the author had been married when she first experienced blindness in one eye?
Why couldn't the author study for her finals?
Where did her friend go for her 50th birthday celebration?
Based on how she celebrated her birthday, it's likely that:
How long did Clinton's fundraising event likely take?
When did the narrator's friend (in the "fun" paragraph) go for their celebration?
What is probably true about the narrator?
The narrator believes that their friend, for the friend's 50th birthday, was:
Who is the narrator writing to?
Who is Oscar in the text?
Why was her friend's 50th birthday celebration trip so special?
What seems to be true about the writer?
The writer's DC trip probably lasted:
After her trip to Belize, the writer felt:
What was the fundraiser raising money for?
Who facilitated the tours of the oval office?
Where did the author go for their friend's 50th birthday celebration?
After visiting the White House, the narrator most likely felt:
Why did the narrator choose to recount two separate events?
Which vacation happened when Clinton was in office?
Why did the author not take the large estimate seriously when first told about it?
After the end of the story, the author probably:
What is probably true about the technician?
After the end of the story the writer probably
Who is coming for dinner?
What part of the country did the author live in?
What is probably true about the other worker?
how long did the worker stay?
Where was the fuse box located?
Why does the author think the technician inspected the wiring for free?
What sort of neighborhood was the author's house in?
The worker probably believes:
Who owned the house with the allegedly faulty fuse?
How long after the electrician left did the author eat dinner?
Who said there was nothing wrong?
A technician came to the house:
When did the technician give the author a $10,000 estimate?
Why was it blazing hot?
Who does the narrator say is a little dorky compared to most guys?
What college did the friends go to?
What is Bill's wife's name?
The narrator probably believes that:
At the end of the passage, they are
What is probably true about the born again Christian?
Why hasn't the narrator seen Bill in years?
What is probably true about Bill and Ted?
Who married a born again Christian?
Bill's wedding probably lasted:
What event led to the friends changing?
How long has it been since they've seen Bill and Ted?
What did everyday revolve around in college?
They probably feel
After the end of this story, the narrator probably:
Where did Ted relocate after marriage?
Ted got married:
When did the narrator's friends change their lifestyle?
How old is the writer?
How long was the writer's labor?
At the end of the story, the family is probably:
What did the writer end up having?
Why would the pregnancy put her at a high risk?
What is true about the writer's desire to have more kids:
After 6 months later, she believes that:
How long did she decide to get pregnant again?
What happened at week 38?
In regard to trying again, the writer believes that
Who didn't deserve to see the writer be sad and depressed
Why was the writer sad and depressed
After having a healthy baby girl, she is probably:
When she said the depression and sadness wasn't fair to her 6 year old son, she probably is:
when did the writer lose her baby?
Who supported her to try again?
Who is she?
When did her heart shattered into a million pieces?
What is probably true about the writer?
Who spanked the woman?
When did she start having conflicting thoughts about her relationship?
What did the boyfriend do to the woman that triggered unfavorable memories?
The boyfriend probably thought that the writer would do what?
After the end of this narration, the woman probably:
What helped the writer determine whether or not she should leave her boyfriend?
What is probably true about this couple?
How long do you think the writer was considering leaving her boyfriend?
The woman probably believes that:
How likely do you think it is that the writer's boyfriend will spank her again?
How long or wide is the woman's tolerance policy towards abuse?
How did the writer counter all the reasons she considered for why her boyfriend spanked her?
Who is the man that spanked the woman?
When did writer considered leaving her boyfriend?
How often do the writer and her boyfriend argue?
Who was apologizing all day long?
Why was the woman thinking so long about the spanking issue?
How does she feel about her weight gain?
What is probably true about the narrator?
When does she like to do for exercise?
What did the doctor advise?
Why was the narrator advised to exercise?
Why did she decide to lose weight?
Who's second problem was narcolepsy?
What does she eat to lose weight?
What is true about exercising?
When did she notice she was gaining weight?
What affect did her Narcolepsy have?
Narrarater's weight problem probably lasted:
When did she go to the doctor about her weight gain?
Who was gaining weight?
Narrator probably believes that
Who is the narrator?
How long did it take to lose the unwanted weight?
After the end of the story, the narrator is probably:
The bad boy probably thinks that
Her interactions with the boy lasted:
Who did she meet at school?
At the conclusion, She probably:
She probably thinks that:
What was her hair color?
Who asked for pictures?
When did the author meet the boy?
What did the writer copy?
How long did they wait for the copier?
What is the bad boys name?
The writer was asked for pictured:
Where did she run into the boy?
At the end of the story the bad boy is probably
What kind of friends does she enjoy?
How does the boy get her number?
Why did the boy ask for a hug?
Why did she not like the boy?
Who wrote the play the actor performed in at Edinburgh Fringe Festival?
What did the actor do for a living after getting rejected for the play with the even larger theatre?
Where was the play mentioned in the story first debuted?
Where was the next place the play was performed after it debuted at the Edinburgh Fringe Festival?
How long is the play in Edinburgh?
How did the actress probably feel about being rejecte?
When did the actor perform at the Edinburgh Fringe Festival?
Who originated the role?
Why did the actress feel bad about begin rejected?
What is probably true about the director?
Why did the actor act in the play at Edinburgh Film Festival?
What does the actor think about his friend writing a part for him?
What country did the actor perform the play where it was well received?
How did the casting director react to the actress who originated the role after the play opened?
How does the actress feel about the playwright?
How long did it take to write the play?
How long as the actress been acting?
After the end of the story, the actor is probably going to do what with her friend?
What did the shoe inserts claim they would do?
Why is the patient in the hospital?
The writer believes that his stories are:
After the end of this story, the patient is probably:
When she received the awesome miracle inserts:
What did R buy?
After receiving the inserts R is likely to be more:
Why did the patient feel for R?
How long did it take for R to take a blood pressure reading?
How long after meeting R was the story probably written?
Whose claims should we not fall prey to?
What is probably true about R?
R received her shoe inserts:
How much weight did R lose?
The patient probably believes that:
Why was R impressed?
Which statement about R is probably true?
Who bought the shoe inserts?
Who was summoned to the principal's office?
The class thinks that:
How did the bully get in trouble
How did the bully behave after learning the cool trick?
Who got the most scolding from adults?
At the end, the story ended by:
What is likely the reason the 'cool' trick was learned in the first place?
How does the bully feel when confronted by the teacher?
How does the bully probably feel about his past actions now that he no longer bothers anyone?
What was the classroom laughing at?
How long did the bullying go on?
What happened to the bully at the end?
Who is probably smarter?
When did the bully go to the principals office
What happened after the bully was sent home?
The trick lasted for:
What kind of person was the victim?
Who got in trouble?
What did the author and Janet's relationship ended up being?
After the end of the story do you think the date went?
How does Janet probably feel about the author?
What was probably true about Janet?
What is probably true about the pharmacy intern?
Why was he trying desperately to keep her tail lights in his line of sight
Why was the author glad that he had caught up with her car?
When Janet tells the author to follow her home, the author probably feels:
Where are the author and Janet from?
What happened after he asked her on a date?
Who was known for being a speedy driver?
Who went 75miles
For how long has the author been working at the pharmacy?
The author asked the X-ray tech coworkers for Janet's name:
What was the young lady?
The pharmacy intern and xray tech got married how lng after the first date
Why does the pharmacy intern think the xray tech is trying to ditch him
The car chase probably lasted
What did the student do to protect Connie from the nurse?
Why was the ward nurse impatient?
What did Connie do once she recovered?
Where does the nursing student work now that she is a full time employed nurse herself?
What happened before Connie's nurse tried bathing her in warm and then cold water?
Why did the girl spend over a year in the brain injury ward helping patient?
When did the 55-year-old woman (Connie) leave the hospital?
Who was the impatient nurse?
How does Connie feel about the nurse who bathed her in cold water?
Who suddenly started speaking and walking?
After Connie left, how did the nursing student feel about the situation between the nurse and Connie and about Connie's departure?
Who is the narrator of this episode?
What did Connie do after she left the hospital?
The narrating nurse probably believes that:
What is probably true about the narrating nurse?
At the end of this narration, Connie probably:
How long ago or what estimated year did this episode occur?
How often does the student think about Connie, now that she has a full time nursing job of her own?
What did his foster parents do for a living?
Why was he disoriented and feeling strange
Who fell asleep on the van?
What was in his Trader Joe's bag
After the foster parents left a plate of food on the table, what did the child do?
How did the foster child feel about moving into the new home?
What is probably true about the author?
Who likes to have fun?
When did he fall asleep
After the end of the story, the kid probably
Why did 3 social workers go on a van?
When did the foster child fall asleep in a van?
How long did the trip take from the homeless facility to Queens outskirts?
How does the author feel about his new home
What is probably true about the new foster family?
Who showed him the room?
What did the foster child not have in the winter?
The time it took for him to find a new house was probably
Which of these is most likely true about the worker?
The customer phoned the cafe's corporate offices:
Who's 1933 speech was referred to?
Why was the worker stressed?
What probably happened after she got a lecture and a warning?
The worker probably believes:
What was the name of the angry customer?
How does she probably feel about her job?
What did the worker say to the customer?
When did the incident occur?
What kind of person did she compare the angry customer to?
At the end this story, the worker probably:
Why did the coffee probably take too long?
How old was the customer?
Who complained to the chain corporation?
What is most likely her job?
The incident the worker described probably lasted:
Why did she confess?
What was the name of the man's wife?
When did the person in this text decide to end the relationship with the man she had dated briefly?
What age was the woman in this text?
Why did he regret not divorcing his wife sooner?
At the end of this story, the woman who wrote it probably
How long their did their date last?
Who did he take to motels?
What kind of relationship is the women in this text looking for?
The women in the text probably feels.
Who did the guy in this text first start to cheat on his wife with?
How does the woman in this text feel about the divorced guy who cheated?
How long was he married?
How does the woman who wrote the text feel about the man's ex-wife?
What was he doing as he was telling the story of cheating on his wife?
What did the guy spread on his toast as he described his affairs?
When were they having brunch?
What is probably true about the man?
Why did the guy in the text regret not divorcing his wife sooner?
What is more likely to offend the narrator?
What line would the boss say?
When did the narrator meet their manager after the interview?
What is the boss's name?
Why was she a bad superior?
The narrator worked in the office:
Who said "this place will leave you to sink or swim"?
What role did she have?
Why was the narrator so offended the phrase mentioned?
The interview probably lasted:
What is probably true about the superior?
At the end of this story, the narrator is probably:
What did the superior say that is offensive?
How long did the narrator work at this office?
After the quote was said, she probably:
What is probably true about the speaker?
The narrator believes
She must think of her superior as:
How long was the waitress passed out?
Who went to the nice Italian place on Federal Hill?
When did the waitress pass out?
What did the waitress have to eat on her date?
after the incident, how did the girl feel?
how old were the mom's 3 daughters?
why did the girl pass out?
when did the girl black out?
What did the waitress drink in the kitchen?
Who passed out?
Why did the waitress pass out?
Why are the young girls screaming?
how long was the girl passed out?
what did the girl find on her dress?
The manager probably believes that:
After this story the waitress probably:
what can be said about the girl?
how did the girl feel after waking up?
Hpw long had the candidate been enrolled in school?
The candidate probably felt ..
The candidate's wife went into labor
Why did the candidate leave the class?
Who told the candidate about his wife going into labor?
What happened after the student left the class?
The author probably believes that:
Where would he have to drop out from?
How many students were in the class?
What is probably true of the military?
What is probably true about the candidate?
How long was the candidate's wife pregnant?
Who had to make a decision?
What did the candidate name his child?
Why was the instructor emotional?
After the end of the story the candidate
What did the instructor tall the candidate?
At the end of the story, the author thinks:
What was the mother's occupation?
Where did the Mom take the cat?
How long did the family have the cat.
What was the mother's dilemma?
When did the cat get sick?
What was the daughter's reaction to the cat's death?
After the end of this story, the daughter probably:
The cat became sick:
Who took the cat to the vet
The mother felt conflicted because:
Who cared for the cat after its illness?
Why was the cat sick
What motivated the mother's actions?
How did the daughter feel about the cat?
What kind of cat was it?
The cat's illness lasted:
After the end of the story, the daughter is probably/
The Mom believes that?
What was the name of the mother's third husband?
When did her mom and dad get divorced?
How does the speaker's mother probably feel about her second husband?
Who was too young to be married with a child?
How long did Rob suffer from depression?
For how long was the mother probably married to the speaker's father?
How does she feel about Rob?
What probably happened after the mother divorced her second husband?
What was the mother's second husband addicted to?
Who was abusive and too young to be married with a child?
Why didn't she notice at first when Rob was gone?
Which of the following is probably the mother's attitude toward marriage?
Why did the mother probably continue to stay married to Rob for so long?
The mother gave birth to the speaker
After her divorce with Rob, how did the mother probably feel?
What is the speaker's name?
Why did the mother kick out her second husband?
What was Rob's personality like?
What is most likely true of the agent?
After the agent drives off, she will probably:
What kind of truck did the naughty person drive?
What was the problem with the agent's phone when they were showing it?
What kind of information did the naughty person give the agent?
The agent pulled out her phone
Why did the agent pull our her phone?
When did the agent start the car?
Who was driving the Ford truck?
Who unlocked and started the car while she was 20-30 paces away?
Why was the remote start function ignored?
Why did the dash light up and the pretty dash lights showed for a second or so?
How long did it take the agent to get to the app on her phone?
The agent probably felt ____ when talking to naughty person
Where did the agent head in the truck?
What kind of phone was the agent using?
How long did it take the agent to walk to her car?
Why wouldn't they show people starting cars in most films unless it's a part of the plot?
How do you think that the main character of the story was feeling during this experience?
Why didn't they look back?
How long did the dream take to play out?
How long do you think this whole experience took?
What did the main character describe the feeling of when the entity on the escalator poked their back?
How do they feel when someone pokes them from behind?
What was the likely explanation for the strange events that happened when the main character lost consciousness in the pool?
Where did they go in the dream?
What is probably true about them?
from the text, can you tell who was in the pool?
What color was their swimsuit in the dreaaaaaa/
During this experience, what probably happened to the main character in the pool?
When the alarm went off, how did they probably feel?
What was the last thing that the main character of the story remembered before being transported to the darkness?
they ascended the elevator:
What does the main character think of near-death experiences?
Who poked the main character of the story in the back?
Who was surrounding the main character at the pool after they woke up?
What did the driver do?
How long did the pipsqueak's concussion last?
Who was in a car crash?
What class does the narrator share with the pipsqueak?
What is narrator's major?
Why does the narrator joke about the pipsqueak crashing?
After the story How is the young man?
After the story the pipsqueak probably:
What is likely to happen at the cross-junction?
What caused the pipsqueak to miss class?
The narrator probably feels like:
How long did it take her to realize the truth?
When was the pipsqueak absent from class?
Why did the man stop showing up to class?
How does she feel about the man?
What is probably true about  the driver?
When did the incident happen?
Who drove the car?
how long was the man in London?
who was wearing pajamas?
why was the girl so attractive to the man?
What is probably true about the girl?
The woman wore her pajamas:
why didn't the man's mom and dad see what the cats did?
how does the man feel about his cats?
how did the man feel after cleaning up?
The writer probably believes that:
After the story the parents probably
What kind of cats did the writer have?
Why was the writer smitten?
where did the man fly to?
Who was quite smitten?
Where did the cats go potty?
what does the man think about his cats?
when did the cats freak out?
How long did the girl wear pajamas?
What is probably true of the waitress's daughter?
How did the main character feel about the waitress at Denny's?
After the end of this story, Ryan is probably:
Ryan paid his restaurant bill:
Who hung their head in shame?
Ryan coughing up the money for his bill probably took:
Why did the waitress like it when the group made their midnight trips to Denny's.
What kind of job does Ryan have?
After knowing about Ryan's behavior he is probably:
Why was Ryan a perpetual problem?
Why was the waitress happy to see us?
What did the customer's put in their system with the tips they got from their jobs?
Where was the Denny's restaurant?
The group of friends probably believes that
What was the name of the person that suggested to "dine and dash?"
When did the waitress tell the customer about her child?
What did the waitress's daughter major in?
How long did the group stay at Denny's before they finished eating and paid the bill?
For how long has the author been exploring the Wiccan faith?
When does the author say he/she first went looking for books on Wicca?
What results was the author hoping to achieve with the spell?
What turned the author on to Wicca?
Who wrote the book, A Guide for the Solitary Practitioner?
Why did the author have a bad experience after completing a spell?
At the end of the story, the author is probably:
Why do you think the lady at the bookstore was happy to help the author?
When did the author go to the bookstore?
What is probably true about the author's views about Christianity?
The author has most likely performed which action in the Wiccan faith a number of times?
Why did the author seek out Wiccan
Where did the author go to learn about Wiccan?
The author most likely believes that spells:
How does the author feel when the clerk hands them a stack of books?
Who recommended one book for the author to read?
How long after reading did the author start practicing Wicca?
Where did the author first learn about the book Wicca, "A Guide for the Solitary Practitioner?"
The woman believed the lesson learned was:
Who owned the chihuahua?
The trip down the driveway probably lasted how long?
Who walked back to the house?
How long did it take to drive to the mailbox?
What kind of dog was Roxie?
Why did the bush rustle?
Why was the author scared?
What was the temperature that day?
What was the author petting?
What is the name of the mom's Chihuahua?
The author is now most likely to do what?
After the end of the story, her mom's Chihuahua probably:
The woman's dog jumped out of the truck when she:
When did the author learn to leave the window shut or cracked?
The writer thinks the mailman is getting ready to:
What is probably true about the woman's truck?
What is probably true about the author?
When did the narrator's husband realize that something was not right?
Where did the narrator have their stroke?
Who got up from the table thinking that the pregnant woman was ok after dribbling coffee from mouth?
Why would the narrator rush to the mirror?
After the end of the story, the narrator is probably:
Why did the husband get out of the shower quicker?
What side of the body did the stoke effect?
How long has the couple been married?
The pregnant woman believes she is having problems getting up from the table because
How far along in pregnancy was she when she had her stroke?
What did her OB think was causing her eyes to feel crossed?
What is probably true about the narrator's husband?
The narrator's probably believes that:
What is the name of the narrator's husband?
Who told the narrator that they were experiencing "textbook" symptoms of a blood clot?
The narrator's husband's shower likely lasted:
How does the OB feel after dismissing the lady's symptoms?
How long were they sitting at the breakfast table?
After the end of this story, the parents probably:
Who is the narrator?
The father cut the umbilical cord:
Why were nurses becoming teary-eyed?
What were the sexes of the miscarried babies?
The nurse gave the baby to mom:
What was the dad doing while the APGAR nurse checked the baby?
How long did the birth take?
How long were they in the birthing suite
Why was mom and dad excited?
The daughter that was born to the couple
How excited would the dad have been about a boy baby?
What does the mom do for a living?
Who made various observations about the baby?
Who sobbed for pure joy?
The nurse probably believes that:
Why does the author think this birth was especially touching?
How does the mother-to-be probably feel about the father to be?
what did the student do after the reprimand?
How long is the distance in ages between the student and the teacher?
What is probably true about the student?
After the end of this narration, the student is probably:
Why was the student leaving the class?
After the end of the story, the student
Who is the teacher?
The student probably believes that
What is probably true about the student?
How much time was left in the school year
When the student graduate?
The student probably believes that:
Who thought he was going to fail?
Who is the professor?
Why did the student think he wasn't going to graduate?
What nationality is the student
When did the kid think he was going to fail
Where did the student move after talking to the teacher
After the story ends the junior patrolman's neighbors
What required the police's attention?
Who became confused and lost?
How did police officer stop the resident?
Who was the sergeant at the time?
After the story ended, what did the patrolman learn about being a cop?
How did the junior patrolman make a lasting impression on the author?
How long did the round trip take?
Where did the police officer pick up the resident?
What happened to the officer after the event?
Who got the car keys after the automobile was returned?
What does the man with Alzheimer's wife think about the junior patrolman?
What was the reason the wife could not go get her husband?
About how many hours did it take to drive the man home?
The car was stopped after:
The junior patrolman went to pick up his neighbor:
How did the officer probably feel after driving the man home?
What made man with Alzheimer's recognize the junior patrolman?
What is Hira masi's favorite type of food to eat?
What did Diamond Masi do?
How long has Hira masi been sweeping in the society?
Who rarely cleans the roads and gives excuses at work?
Where will Diamond Masi be living in 5 years
Why did Diamond Masi live in the slums
What does Hira masi do for a living for those who don't know her?
What happened to Hira masi's employment status after the meeting?
What should the tenants do regarding Hira masi employment and work ethnic in the society?
How long was the authors meeting?
When is the author living in society
What is true about Diamond Masi
What excuse(s) does Mira masi make to her employers?
Why was there a meeting about Hira masi?
After the end of the story Diamond Masi
After the meeting, how does the mom feel about Hira masi?
The author probably believes that
Who did the work
Why did he cry at his first wedding?
How long did the author's first marriage last?
Who cried at the wedding
Why did he cry at his second wedding?
How lengthy was the first marriage?
The first bride thinks he is crying because?
When did the author do so much manual labor that his hands were blistered?
After the first marriage he was?
Why did the author's first marriage end?
How did the author feel the day after his second wedding?
Where was the second wedding?
Why did the author's hands hurt so much during his first wedding?
How long did he cry after the second wedding?
Who was holding the author's hand during the first wedding?
How does John probably feel about his first marriage now?
Why did he cry at the first wedding?
Where did the author have his second wedding?
Why did the author's first wife squeeze his hand hard when she was crying?
What did the author get out of his reform school experience.?
How long was it to when the student narrator arrived at the boarding school that the bully injured someone?
How long did the bully stay at the school with the author
What was the author probably feel at bedtime?
Why were the students happy to see the bully gone?
Where did the bully get the drugs that caused his death?
Who is the bully?
When did the students and staffs collectively heaved a sigh of relief?
Who was the bully?
What is probably true about the bully?
On the author's first night at boarding school, what did he witness the bully doing?
Why was the bully unpredictable?
What did become of the bully?
Where did the bully end up going?
What type of school did the author attend when he first met the "vicious bully?
Where did the bully live after he became an adult?
The student narrator probably believes that:
At the end of the story, the bully is probably:
Who was the taking off her clothes?
Who does the author work for?
When were the crew laughing?
How long ago was this episode?
Why were the police and crew mate laughing?
What is probably true about the policeman?
What is probably true about the author
The narrating office probably believes that:
What did the lady wear?
What did the lady do after the end of the story
Who is the woman?
Who took their clothes off
Why was the blanket spread on her?
How long did it take to get the lady in the ambulance
After the end of this narration, the policeman was probably:
Where the police officers and crew go to?
The author probably believes that
When did the author get assaulted
What kind of alcohol does the narrator like to drink?
After the end of the this story, the writer of the story probably:
How many beers did the narrator drink at the camping trip?
What kind of beer did they drink?
The writer of the story that he could break the tree with another tree because he thought:
Why did the narrator look for more wood?
Who hurt his knee?
What got crushed by the tree?
Where did the narrator hurt himself?
How long did the trip last?
When did they start a campfire:
What was wrong with the writer's knee?
Who went fishing?
For how long did the narrator and his friends drink beer and fish?
When did the narrator hurt his knee?
How does the narrator feel about wild animals?
After the narrator throws the broken tree against another tree, what does he think?
Why did the writer of the story want to get more wood?
What is probably true about the writer?
The person most likely feels like:
Who did the man's wife leave him for?
What is the man's relationship with his friend?
When did your wife leave you?
Why did his wife leave?
Why did the writer's wife leave him?
After the end of the story, the man probably:
For how long did the writer stalk his ex on social media?
His wife left him and went into another relationship:
What is probably true about the man?
After reflecting on this situation, the writer probably feels:
The man's secret messaging of his wife probably lasted:
What did the man do after she left?
Who did the narrator stalk online?
Where did he create a fake account?
The writer probably believes that:
How did he get caught spying on his ex-wife?
After the author did not get his deposit refunded from the second apartment, he probably:
Why is the sailor still pissed off today?
How did the sailor feel about the Landlady?
Who wore sexy clothes?
What do we know about the sailors?
How did the landlady probably feel about the sailors who were renting her apartment?
Where did the landlady from the first apartment live?
When did the author first meet his wife?
What does the sailor value?
When did the landlady from the first apartment spy on the sailors?
Who lived in the second apartment with the author?
What did the sailors do when the landlady showed up to parties?
After the end of the story, the sailor is most likely
Why did the author clean the second apartment so well?
How long has John been married?
How long did the author live in the second apartment?
When did the sailor get married?
Why didn't the sailors invite the landlady in when she came to the door?
Grandmother gave the baby powdered charcoal:
The author probably believes that the grandmother:
Why did the Grandmother give the baby powdered charcoal?
How long did it take for the baby to vomit after drinking powdered charcoal?
What happened when the grandmother gave the baby powdered charcoal?
Who gave the baby vodka?
What is probably true about the grandmother?
After the end of this story, the narrator probably:
How did the Grandmother feel when the baby vomited?
What is the relationship status of the baby's mother?
Why does the author have powdered charcoal in the house?
Why did the mother need a babysitter?
Who was lucky to have powdered charcoal around?
How long did it take for the baby to recover fully?
What did the baby initially drink?
After giving the baby the charcoal, the grandmother probably thought:
What did the baby drink?
What is probably true about the narrator?
What is probably true about Natalie?
Natalie will probably:
What did she pick up off the chair?
Why was Natalie sad?
Who is Ben?
When did the boy walk up to her?
Who complimented Natalie on her sweatshirt?
What is probably true about Natalie?
Why did Natalie think it was funny that she got complimented for her sweatshirt?
How long has Natalie known Evan?
How does Natalie feel about getting the compliment?
approximately how long was literacy class?
Where was Natalie going when she was complimented?
What did the students do after the bell?
Who's sweatshirt was she wearing?
How long have they been swapping sweathers?
When did Natalie get complimented for her sweater?
How does Natalie feel?
What is the writers job?
What did the mum have besides cancer
What did the daughter threaten to do
The daughter was removed:
Why was Mum in agony
How long was the mother sick?
Who would go to the papers?
what is probably true about the mother
What is probably true of the daughter
After the end of the story, the daughter probably
After the story the daughter probably:
Why could the mother overdose?
What drug was the Mum given
The daughter probably believes that:
The writer probably believes that
How long did mum live after receiving end of life care
The mum died
Who had the cancer?
when did the man tell his lawyer about the girl's psychological condition?
who said , If you are in Illinois, in Champaign County and you have a penis, you are already accepted as guilty by birth to start with dude
After this case he probably thinks that
why was the man told to plead guilty?
He lost his stuff inside the home because of
after the incident, how likely is it that the man will use the same lawyer again?
how does the man feel?
When Was the restriction order given?
who refused to mention the girl's psychological condition?
He probably feels towards his girlfriend
who sexually abused the girl?
Who sexually abused his girlfriend as a child
How long was his girlfriend abused
He believes that his lawyer
how much time did the man spend with his lawyer?
what is probably true about the man?
how many times was the girl sexually abused?
His girlfriend had what condition?
The lawyer probably believes that:
After the author's statement, the lawyer is probably:
The trial probably lasted
The fingerprint examiner''s relationship with the FBI probably lasted:
The burglar talked to the author:
Who was told they couldn't talk to the witness?
How long was the author a fingerprint examiner?
The judge is most likely:
Who needed help from the fingerprint examiner?
Why did the courtroom go dead silent?
What could the fingerprint examiner memorize?
Why did the silver burglar want to talk to the fingerprint examiner?
What is probably true about the burglar?
What did the author do for a living?
The silver burglar probably feels what towards the fingerprint examiner?
The silver burglar talked to the finger print examiner:
Where did the judge first meet the fingerprint examiner?
The silver burglar is probably:
Why was the narrator in pain?
After the end of this story, the narrator probably:
How long did it take to repair the fence?
What was the meeting in Orlando for?
The narrator split the bridge of their nose:
Where was he flying?
Who hit themselves in the mouth?
After the accident What did he do to prevent this in the future?
Dose he have children and what gender are they?
Why was his tooth still ok?
Where was the narrator flying to?
What is probably true about the narrator?
How dose his wife feel about what he did to himself?
Who did he scare?
He hit himself in the face when?
What dose he do for a living?
How long did it take for the X-rays to be given?
What did the narrator likely feel after the tooth pain went away?
Who is fond of watching cooking shows?
When exactly did John start to experience health issues?
At the end, John is probably doing well and?
Who abandoned Clise?
How long did it take Clise to get obese?
How does he feel about the cats?
After John moved out, Monkey probably lasted,
After he moved out, he probably:
John believes that the Cats are growing on him:
Why would Clise beg?
Where was Clise found?
What is probably true about Clise?
What did Monkey end up dying from?
He started having health issues:
What health issues was John having?
Who liked watching TV?
What is one thing that can be said about John?
How and when did Johns relationships with his cats grow?
Who had the C-section?
Why was the writer's wife so tired?
The author probably felt:
Why did the wife's doctor become a surgeon?
The wife's surgery probably lasted
How does the writer probably feel about the surgeon?
After the C-section, the author was probably:
How many kids does the author have?
Why did the doctor perform a C- section on the writer's wife?
What is probably true about the author?
Who underwent general anesthesia?
The surgeon said, "We're done, people. Good job, everyone!"
Where did the writer's wife deliver the baby?
How long did the author's wife spend in the hospital before being discharged?
What happened before the doctor congratulated everyone?
Where was the C-section happening?
After the end of the story, the wife is probably
Why was the author scared?
Who did he flirt with?
Why did the person blackout?
What is probably true about him?
What do the bikers do?
His girlfriend probably believes
The blackout probably lasted how long?
At the end of the story he is probably
What did the person drink at the bar?
The night of drinking probably lasted:
Where was he?
Who had a blackout at the bar?
How did the people in the bar feel toward the man who had a blackout that evening?
What did the person's girlfriend think about him flirting with other women at the bar?
After the end of the story, the girlfriend is probably feeling how toward the person?
Why was his girlfriend mad?
What is probably true about the person who had a blackout?
After the night of drinking:
When did the character start drinking alcohol?
Why has their relationship grown?
What did they learn to express during arguments?
How does the author's wife feel the same about the marriage?
Who is too nice to say something?
What kind of example will their marriage be for others?
How long have they probably been married?
The husband probably believes that good long term marriages are most likely:
What happened after about two weeks after getting married?
What makes their marriage great?
How long did it take them to discover how to communicate?
What does the wife probably think about marriage?
What did they actively do to keep their relationship strong?
Who were together 24/7?
Very soon after they got married:
Why did clashing about something important cause the couple to reevaluate?
How many children did they have?
How long will their marriage last?
How will the marriage probably go after this story?
How long did the author provide assistance for the second teenager?
The narrator at the end of the story feels:
Why did the author push the kid in a wheelchair around the track for about 15 minutes each day?
What is the average lifespan for someone with cerebral palsy?
What is most likely the case for the author's client with spastic quadriplegia after high school?
What is likely true of the narrator?
Where would the client perform their daily physical therapy?
Who is the narrator of the story?
The narrator helps his client perform physical therapy:
When did the author work as an aide to someone with spastic quadriplegia?
What does the author probably think about some legal requirements?
The narrator typically helps his client for how long?
Why was the narrator shocked in the story?
The narrator believes that the rules for his client:
Who rides around in a wheelchair in the story?
From the information in the text, what is most likely true of cerebral palsy?
What led the author to seek employment with the local school district?
Who was legally required to take all classes a normal kid took in high school?
What type of vehicle does the handyman drive?
Who knocked on the door?
After the end of the story, the assistant is probably:
What time did the assistant show up for the job?
What was the handyman attaching to the ceiling?
The handyman probably believes that:
What probably happened after the Gypsum boards were installed?
About how long did it take the handyman to finish the job?
Why was the handyman angry?
What did the handyman install?
The handyman probably thinks the assistant is:
Who seemed surprised?
What did the handyman likely drive to the jobsite?
The assistant showed up:
After the end of the story, how does the handyman probably feel about the assistant?
How long did it take the handyman to install the panels?
Why was the handyman angry?
What is the handyman's favorite construction item?
When was medical attention sought?
What test did Mayo Clinic use to confirm the man's diagnosis?
Who made an improbably diagnosis?
Who is the patient?
How does the person with autonomic dysfunction feel about being diagnosed correctly?
What is probably true about Dr. Douche?
Who was named Dr Douche?
How long after going to Mayo Clinic did he get his diagnosis?
After the end of this narration, the patient is probably:
why was the patient feeling the GP was saying weird things?
What does the author think of Dr. Douche's diagnosis?
What did the patient do after hearing these weird theories?
Why did Mayo clinic confirm the correct diagnosis?
When did the man find his true diagnosis?
What is probably true about the patient?
The patient probably believes that:
How long was it between when the patient got the GP's prognosis and when she got an accurate prognosis?
After the end of the story how often does the author return to Dr. Douche?
Why does the author say that he/she does not see potential in the United States?
After the end of this story, the author probably is what religion?
What political office does the author envision him/her self possibly running for sometime in the future?
The author probably believes what about the size of his or her family?
How long does the author have goals for?
Why does the author not think there is economic freedoms potential in the US?
Assuming that shortly following this story the author started a family, which is most likely true of where he/she lives?
When did the person become a Catholic?
Who is Catholic?
It is quite likely that the author believes that an important trait of Catholics is that they:
What is the author's dream car?
Following the story, the author most probably leans which way politically?
Who does the author want to marry?
How long would it likely take the author to achieve his/her goal if it were in fact to work to buy a dream car?
Whom does the author say is the "we" that gravitate towards larger families?
What is probably true about the author?
What political party is the person in the story?
When does the author muse that they might run for political office?
After her breakdown, the meeting probably lasted:
Where did the conversation take place?
Who was the person in the discussion telling the story:
The two people after the meeting became
Why was the woman so upset
What finally happened to the woman after the meeting.
What is probably true about the woman?
What is the woman's relationship status?
The friendship between the two after the meeting has lasted:
What was the woman acting like in the meeting
Who was complaining about the staff
Who had a change of heart?
After the conversation, the woman probably:
When did the author become her mentor?
The woman complained about the staff
Who does the narrator think the woman is mad at after their conversation
How do the other staff members probably feel about the woman in the beginning of the story?
Why did the woman act like a bully and a horrible person?
Who did the second daughter live with after she moved out?
Why did the author not finish college?
What had to happen before the author's second daughter moved in with her boyfriend?
What did the daughter have to show proof of every semester?
The daughter was probably doing what with her boyfriend after moving in with him?
Who does not have a baby during college?
The mother probably believes what about her daughter's relationship with the boyfriend?
After the second daughter moves out, she is probably:
When did the mother tell her daughter to get on birth control?
How long does it take for the daughter to move in with her boyfriend after she saves some money?
What is the author's occupation?
The author's 21 year old daughter probably feels that her mother is:
Why did the mother tell her daughter to go on birth control?
How long did the author's first daughter probably spend in college?
Where did the second daughter live before moving in with her boyfriend?
What is probably true about the daughter?
Who had to get on birth control?
The author's 21 year old daughter and her boyfriend are probably:
Who did her son turn his back on?
The mom believes that
what is true about the mother
Why is she told she can't love her child?
After the story, the daughter probably
What is her likely political leanings?
Where did her son do?
She has been feeling heartbroken for:
Her father died
She feels like:
How long has the bullying been going on
what did her daughter do
Who said those things about her kid?
When did she discovered her daughter was taking testosterone injections:
Why was she heartbroken?
Who has died?
After this was written, she probably:
who took testosterone injections
This event probably lasted:
Where did this event take place?
After the end of the story, what is the man probably doing?
When did the writer get out of his car?
Where does the author live?
After coming out of the house, the man probably:
When going into his house, the man probably felt:
Who is the man?
Whose lotion is used?
Why was the author angry?
What is the author's most likely age?
Who ended up backing out?
What did the author put on the man's car?
What did the man feel toward the driver?
What would have been the proper thing for the man to do?
Why did the narrator not want to back out?
When did the writer back the car out of the road?
How long did the man probably stay inside?
The friend probably thinks what about the writer of the text?
When did the person stay awake til 3AM?
How long did Luna and the author talk on the phone?
Who was happy because her life wasn't worsened at all?
Why did the friend say she would do something bad?
who was saying she'd do something bad?
What did the person do to try to help her friend?
Luna is most likely has:
Why would the author only get a few hours of sleep?
What is probably true about the author?
What would Luna do if the author didn't give in to her demands?
What is probably true about the writer's sleep after the story?
The author probably believes that:
After the end of the story the writer probably does what?
What is probably true about the author in grade school?
Who continued to say she'd do something bad for some time after the story ends?
How long did the person stay friends with the person who acted depressed?
Luna would threaten to do "something bad":
Why did the door opening not bother the person?
What kind of experience did the narrator experience?
The author lifted the covers for the cat:
What is probably true about the author's cats?
What typically opens the door to the narrator's room in the story?
The events of the story probably lasted:
How long does it take the author to fall asleep
What does the author think was not seen on the bed?
What is true about the narrator's living situation?
The narrator at the conclusion of the story likely feels
The author believes they saw nothing because
Where does the author sleep at night?
Why was the narrator puzzled at the end of the story?
After their experience what did the author do?
The narrator likely believes that:
Which of the following is likely true of the narrator?
Who ignored feeling spooked?
The narrator lifted up their bed sheets:
How do people in the author's community treat her in the entertainment industry?
Who got a minor criminal record when arrested for a minor offense?
How long did the person attend college?
What did the magistrate get in trouble for later?
How long was the trial
After the end of the story, the author is probably
How does the author feel towards police after the story?
Why was the author upset about the arrest?
The author probably believes that
what happened to the author
What is probably true about the author?
What is probably true about the magistrate after the story ends?
Who was victimized?
How does the author feel about getting her intellectual and copyright works stolen?
What is the author doing now?
When was the author first sent to court?
When did the author get falsely arrested?
Why was the author victimized?
Why was the woman scared?
How long was the utility worker in her home?
Who let the utility man into the house?
What did the utility man think of the author's request?
After the utility man left, the author probably thought:
How long did the utility man take to read the gas meter?
Who was 6 foot, 3 inches?
The woman narrating probably thinks that?
Where dd the incident happen?
How many children does the woman have?
Why did it take a while to get her pulse rate back to normal?
When did the man refuse to show his ID?
What is probably true of the utility man?
What was the man there to check?
What happened after the author asked for the I.D. of the utility man?
How old is the author?
After this encounter, the woman probably:
What is probably true about the narrator?
Why didn't Jennifer sit properly in the salon chair?
Who usually cut Jennifer's hair?
Who cut everyone's hair in the family as Jennifer grew up?
Why was the mom mortified?
After the end of this story, Jennifer probably:
What salon did they go to?
How long were Jennifer and her mom at the salon?
Where did Jennifer and her mom go?
Where was Jennifer likely to go after she left the shampoo station?
What is probably true about Jennifer's mom?
What career is Jennifer aiming for?
The stylists probably feels:
Immediately after leaving the beauty parlor, Jennifer probably
What did Jennifer's mother do for a living?
What happened after Jennifer picked out a hairstyle at the salon?
Jennifer went to a salon for the first time:
How did Jennifer probably feel about her mother dying her hair?
How long did Jennifer probably spend at the beauty parlor?
Who did the Mother think wanted to use the reader like a guinea pig?
How long did this person suffer with the wrong medication?
After the medication was found, how does the writer feel about them now?
Why was the writer delusional and dangerously suicidal?
What will the psychiatrist do now
Why didn't the patient take Prozac?
The writer finally became stable after taking:
What was the first medication prescribed after the Borderline Personality Disorder diagnosis?
After the end of the writer's story:
Who within the writer's family also suffers from mental problems?
What is the writer's major in college
How does the writer's knowledge of psychiatry compare to others with similar education?
The writer probably believes that:
What was the writer originally diagnosed with?
What was sedating, even in small doses?
What does the mother think about the psychiatrist
Who added Lamictal for the patient?
How long did it take for the correct combination of medications to be found
What caused them not to proceed any further?
Who did the author kiss?
What is probably true about the author?
The kiss probably lasted:
What did the 16-year-old author feel like her first kiss was?
Why did the author feel embarrassed about the kiss?
At the time, author probably believes that:
The author had her first kiss:
The author had her first kiss:
After the end of the story, the author probably:
Who was the 19-year-old boy?
What is probably true about the author?
Why did the author feel like a rebel?
For how long were the author and the 19-year-old boy together in the room?
The author probably believes that:
Whose wedding did they attend?
After their cousins called them, the author probably felt:
Who nodded gently?
How many texts were sent regarding his girlfriend?
How long did the narrator post on his private social media account?
Who called the tipline?
How long did his dad wait for him in the driveway?
How long was the performance?
Why did one of his followers call the tipline?
Why was the narrator's depression getting worse?
Who was the person in the narrator's driveway?
What did he primarily use his social media account for?
What is probably true about his dad?
When did this person go to a performance his friends were apart of?
After the end of this story, the narrator probably copes with his feelings through:
Where did the narrator post his feelings?
How does the narrator feel about his girlfriend?
After the end of this story, he had probably:
What is probably true about the narrator?
After receiving the text about his girlfriend he probably felt:
He received texts regarding his girlfriend:
How long did the group prepare?
After being late, what did the the student do?
The writer believed:
What probably happened to the author's course?
Why did the teacher fail the project?
Why was the student late?
What number of students were in the group?
What did the woman eat for breakfast?
At the end of the story, the author feels:
The author believes that
Our project was rejected:
Who was late?
When did the author learn how to plot a triple axis graph?
Who was late for the presentation?
Where was the final presentation taking place?
What did the student enter?
How many hours did it take them to make the project?
The group is probably studying:
What is the narrator's favorite memory?
Why did the daughter stop seeing movies with her mom?
About how long has the narrator been a parent?
What did the narrator bring to her daughter?
After the mom dropped off groceries, why did the daughter complain about having too much clothes?
How does the daughter's boyfriend feel about the narrator?
Who cried during the movie "Spirit?"
Who cried during the movie Spirit?
What does the daughter enjoy doing on the weekends?
How long does the mom go between visits to her daughter's apartment?
When did the narrator embarrass their daughter in front of her boyfriend?
After the movie situation, what parent does the daughter see movies with?
What is probably true about the narrator's daughter?
What do the parents like to do during the summer?
At the end of the story, the narrator probably feels:
How does the mom probably feel about her dropping items off at her daughter's apartment?
What did the boyfriend tell the mom that was helpful?
Why was did the narrator's daughter get embarrassed in front of her boyfriend?
Who misplaced his Ray Ban sunglasses?
Why did the author cry in the bathroom?
What job does the author have?
Why did the father get Ray Ban sunglasses?
How did the Cocker Spaniel feel about him finding his dad's Ray Ban glasses?
Who owned the sunglasses?
How long did his dad mourn the loss of his Ray Ban glasses?
At the end of the story, the author is probably
Where did the author find the sunglasses?
How does the author feel about finding his dad's sunglasses?
What were the Ray Bans equipped with?
How did his wife feel about him finding his Dad's Ray Ban glasses?
The author found his dad's sunglasses:
How long did it probably take for the author to find the sunglasses?
When did his father misplace his Ray Ban sunglasses?
How does the son feel about his Dad losing his Ray Ban sunglasses?
What is probably true about the author?
How did the character feel after finding his Dad's Ray Ban glasses years later?
Why did the Mom ask the Dad to look at the phone?
What was in the video?
After the phone message, the mom probably
What did the author watch
Why did the author's mom see the video?
Who is the author?
How long did the conversation probably last?
The author's father probably believes that:
When did the son watch the movie
What is probably true about the author's father?
Who had matured?
His mother saw the video:
How many times had the author watched porn before getting caught?
How does the Mom probably feel about the son's behavior?
What did the author download?
How long did the discussion with his parents take?
What is probably true about the son
After the conversation, how does the author probably feel?
After the end of the story, did the lab partner manage to deliver his papers that day
What is probably true about John?
Scott is probably:
How many times has Scott been in after school help before the incident?
Who had newspaper routes?
After the incident, Scott probably:
Scott probably believes that:
Why was the author scared?
When did the instructor check assignments?
What happened before Scott was in utter disbelief?
Why was his lab partner kept after school?
Who did not finish his assignment and might stay for after school help?
What kind of college student would the author go on to be?
The teacher probably believes that
How long did it probably take the author to complete his newspaper route?
What did the author give the teacher?
Where did the author go to school
How long did i take the author to do the first assignment?
How long will the narrator go without eating dairy?
What made her mom suggest a second opinion?
Why did the narrator's mom take her back to the doctor?
How does the mom probably feel now?
When did she get a second opinion?
After all the events in the story, the narrator is probably:
How long was she probably sick before she found out she was lactose intolerant?
Who gave the narrator vitamins?
What was her favorite pizza?
The narrator knew about their lactose intolerance
What can the narrator consume without throwing up?
The mom believes that the daughter was
What is most likely true about the narrator's mother?
What was the narrator finally diagnosed with?
After getting diagnosed, the woman:
How did she know she wasn't pregnant?
Who gave the lactose intolerant diagnoses?
The narrator would most likely think:
Where did they have sex?
What did the author do after the story?
Who did he marry after MOS ATT?
How long did the event in the hotel last
How does the author feel about the girl?
Why did the girl want to kiss?
What did he do after the MOS ATT?
How long after knowing the girl did he have sex with her?
Who does he like having sex with?
How did they ended up having sex?
When did the author kiss another girl?
Who was the sex partner?
Who kissed the girl?
What did the author finally do?
After the story, does the girl continue to date while engaged?
What is probably true of the girl
How would he feel if other people knew what they were doing?
What did he do after leaving MOS ATT?
After the end of the story, the author probably:
The author probably believes that:
Why did the main character get excruciating migraines in her arms and legs?
After the diagnosis, what does the main character want to accomplish for herself?
How much pain was she in while having these headaches?
How much time passed from the beginning of the author's symptoms, until the headaches got significantly better.
Why was the author terrified of learning to drive?
How long did it take to get a proper diagnosis?
What is the author's dosage level of the beta blocker?
What did the main character taken to prevent ice pick headaches from happening?
What is probably true about the author's treatment plan?
The author got diagnosed:
What does the main character enjoy doing now that she's on beta blockers?
How does the main character feel now that she has a diagnosis?
Who said that the headaches were growth spurts?
After she was diagnosed with ice pick headaches, what did the character want to get?
Whose life was changed forever once they found out they had ice pick headaches?
What did the author begin doing after the diagnosis of ice pick headaches?
Why did Spy Magazine send minuscule sums of money to celebrities?
After the $0.13 checks were deposited, Spy Magazine probably:
Who created the company National Refund Clearinghouse?
Spy Magazine probably feel that 25% of celebrities are
Spy Magazine probably thinks that:
The celebrites probably did what after receiving the minuscule checks?
What were the amounts that were send to celebrites?
Of all the celebrities, why did Trump deposit the smallest check?
Spy Magazine probably felt what about the celebrities who cashed the checks?
The $0.64 checks were sent out:
What did the narrator say Spy Magazine did before they started sending checks for small amounts to celebrities?
Over what time period were all the checks probably sent?
Why did the National Refund Clearinghouse need to be created?
How long was it before the celebrities got there first checks
Spy Magazine probably trick celebrities how often?
What does the author probably think about Trump?
Who send minuscule amounts of money to celebrities?
What was sent to the celebrities?
The boyfriend probably believes that
What is probably true about the author?
What is the boyfriend's name?
The boyfriend was probably what?
Why was the boyfriend interested?
Where did they meet?
Who "superliked" the author?
How long have the two been dating?
After they talked on Tinder the couple probably what?
When did the author find their boyfriend?
What happens to the relationship after the end of the text?
How long before the couple went on their first date after meeting on Tinder?
Why did the boyfriend ask test questions?
How does the boyfriend probably feel about finding her?
The author probably thought her boyfriend was what when they first chatted?
When did the boyfriend ask her a joke
Who did a dumb thing?
What app was used in the article?
When did the patient begin to cry?
Why did the resident need a new commode?
Where is this hospital located?
How long was the patient probably in the hospital?
After the end of the story, the CNA is probably:
After the new commode was brought to the resident, the resident's face lighted up and she started to tear up, the CNA probably believes that:
The amount of time that the CNA took to look for a new commode probably was
What surgical procedure did the resident have?
How long has the CNA been working at that rehabilitation nursing facility?
What is probably true about the CNA
Where did the nurse find the proper commode?
Who had a post-op total knee replacement?
At the end of the story, the nurse probably:
Who asked for the properly sized commode?
Why was the patient so grateful?
What is probably true about the patient's previous nurses?
What does the author think about the patient's reaction?
When did the resident ask the CNA for a new commode?
After the end of the story, the narrator is probably:
When does the mom believe money is a burden
The narrator did let her daughters know how stressful money was to her because:
What does the mom do after the story?
How does the mom probably feel about her girls?
Who raised two girls alone?
The narrator carried the world on her shoulders when:
What is probably true about both her daughters?
How long did they spend at the drive thru?
How long did they wait at the fast food drive in?
What did the narrator feel was a burden?
Who gave the car hop a $5.00 tips?
What school did her daughters attend?
The daughter believes that:
What did the mother do?
Why was the mom stressed?
What is probably true about the mom?
How did the mom feel when she could not buy something the girls wanted?
What is probably true about Scott?
When did Scott get unfriended?
Where did the author reconnect with Scott?
The author probably reached out to Scott at:
What is the author's current relationship status?
Why is the author upset with Scott?
Who did Scott believe gave his only son for the author?
Why did the author not want to talk to Scott about God?
What is probably true about Scott?
Scott probably believes that:
After the end of the story, the author is most likely
The author unfriended Scott
The author probably thinks that
After the unfriending, Scott is probably:
Who sent the author several friend requests over the years?
What did Scott continue saying?
How many children does Scott have?
How long did the author's baby continue to stay awake at night?
What stressed the wife?
When did this episode occur?
Who is the wife?
What is probably true about the husband?
After the rape attempt, how does the wife feel?
Why was the husband fed up?
Who had to prevent the rape?
Why was the husband fed up?
What is probably true of the husband?
The husband probably believes that:
When did the attempted rape happen?
What did the husband want?
How does the wife feel?
After the end of this narration, the husband is probably:
What happens to the couple after the story?
Who was almost raped?
The rape attempt lasted?
How long into the new day is it considered early for couple to go out for trips?
What does Lanni think of starting a new job?
Why did Will probably move to LA?
When did the writer start their job in the web department?
How long has Will been in this field of work?
What was the group working on?
After this project Will will probably
Who worked on the design and build of The Iris and the website Pacific Standard Time Presents?
How did Will feel on this day?
After the end of the story, Lanni probably:
Why was Will Lanni called a "web monkey?"
Who is Will meeting?
When did Will move?
Why did Will feel confident about the project?
How long did Lanni work on his first day at his new job in Los Angeles in 2013?
What Does Will believe about the team's endevor?
Lanni probably believes that:
What is probably true of Lanni?
Who was a Web Production specialist at the Getty?
What inscription on the cup evokes a religious ritual?
Why was the kantharos dedicated to the twin sons of Zeus?
What was probably true of the museum curators?
What is the name of the lead Curator?
When the Greek kanthos was removed from the display:
After the Greek inscription was examined, it was determined that the cup was for:
The ancient wine cup is probably made of:
Who originally owned the wine cup?
Who shook the kantharos?
Kantharos' probably has lasted:
Who examined the wine cup?
Who examined the ancient Greek wine cup?
Curators examined the cup:
After the curators examined the cup:
Why was the ancient wine cup moved?
The museum curators believe that:
The curators believe that:
How long did the curators probably study the cup?
How many children did Getty have?
When did J. Paul Getty die?
In what order did Getty's sons George and Timothy die?
Why did the collector William Randolph Hearst build a sprawling home on the beach in Santa Monica?
Who owned a beach house in Santa Monica near to  the home of collector William Randolph Hearst?
What kind of works are on display n the museum?
At the time of Getty's what is probably true of his children?
After the story, how do artists probably view J. Paul Getty?
What did J. Paul Getty think about nature?
What did Getty buy that was part of a Mexican land grant just after WWII?
In burying Getty near his deceased sons, what is likely true of what the person who made the decision to do this?
Why didn't George Getty attend his father's funeral?
Who never set eyes on his creation of galleries at a Villa?
What was probably true about Getty's relationship with his wife Theodora?
How long did Getty's body spend traveling to its final resting place?
How long after J. Paul Getty died did it probably take to have him returned to the Pacific Coast from England to be buried?
What do artists probably think of Getty Villa?
When were J. Paul Getty's remains returned to his home in California?
What is unusual about the bust?
Why is the sculpture displayed with third and fourth century pieces?
Who owned the large estate?
What is probably the name of the person in the marble portrait?
How long did it take to research the marble portrait?
When did Getty allow the sculpture to be viewed?
What is the likely reason the sculpture was thought to be an emperor?
What was the occupation of the subject of the sculpture?
Why was the sculpture made of marble
Why did scholars re-examine the unusual bust?
How did Jens Daehner feel about the bust?
What was incorrectly thought to be second-century portrait of Caracalla?
What will likely happen to the statue now?
Where was the marble portrait first displayed?
After the bust's creation date was corrected, gallery workers probably:
How long did it take to complete the sculpture
When was the tondo's official description rewritten?
What is the likely reason Getty kept the sculpture hidden?
When does the visitor see Neolithic art?
When did the Getty Villa illuminate social life?
After the story the writer probably:
The writer probably feels that:
What was probably true about the artwork?
The gallery is probably:
What is probably true:
A walk through the gallery will probably last:
What is the writers degree in?
The creator of the gallery believes that:
Why were the pieces of art being seen in a new light?
What was the amount of time it took for the gallery to be made?
Why is the Getty Villa unlike any in the world?
Who helped visitors gain an interest in the works?
Who had priorities at the gallery?
How long does a tour take?
What is the creator of The Getty Villa's interests?
What makes up the path on the first-floor?
What was the name of one of the students?
When did the Getty Teen Lab internship occur?
How did the Getty Center get the money to sponsor the Getty Teen Lab?
Where did the money for the Getty Teen lab come from?
The teens think that the program was what?
What is the most probable reason for the creation of the Getty Teen Lab?
What bigger issue was the Teen Lab internship trying to address?
What was the Getty Teen Lab favorite activity during their internship?
How long did the students test kinetic sculptures?
When did the Getty Teen Lab start?
What did the teens probably wear to their internship at the Getty Center?
What was the inspiration for the selfies?
How long was the Getty Teen Lab internship over the summer for?
Why was the program created?
What is probably true about David Hockney?
After the story the museum probably what?
Who made the grant for the program?
How does the Getty Center feel about the Getty Teen Lab internship?
Who is Leonardo da Vinci?
What is probably Bryan's second passion to his interest in sacred gardens?
Who curated the exhibition and authored the book Gardens of the Renaissance?
How does Bryan probably feel about working with Alexandra?
What is probably true about Bryan?
What is the most probable reason Bryan and Alexandra decided to work together?
Alexandra believes that:
How long did it probably take Bryan and Alexandra to work on the Sacred Landscapes?
How did Alexandra get interested in the artists of the European Middle Ages and Renaissance era?
After the end of the story, Bryan probably:
How long did it take Bryan to write his book Gardens of the Renaissance?
Who is Bryan Keene?
When did the Sacred Landscapes exhibit open at the Getty Museum?
Why did Bryan pursue the project Sacred Landscapes?
When did Keene and Kaczenski start preparing for the exhibition titled Sacred Landscapes?
Who is Giovanni Bellini?
Who authored Gardens of the Resaissance?
Who spent the last few years preparing for an exhibition titled Sacred Landscapes?
Andrea believes that:
Andrea Palladio believes that:
how long the problem lasted:
What is probably true about Venice?
What is the only bridge across Venices major waterway until the 1800s?
why a bridge built in venice ?
After this event:
what is probably true about andrea palladoi?
After the end of this story, Rialto Bridge's is probably:
When was the last time the wooden bridge collapsed and decision was made for its replacement?
Who is Antonio Da Ponte?
what is author opinion?
Andrea build the bridge:
Why was the wooden bridge replaced and not repaired?
Who published his design published in an architectural treatise
where is the bridge built?
How long did it take the council to decide on a bridge design and build?
when was wooden bridge rebuild?
At the end of this story, Aimee Lind probably is
What race is Aimee Lind
Who is Albert Frey
Who cofounded the California Architecture Archives Network?
How long is the duration between conferences
Why was Aimee Lind struggling?
What does Aimee probably think of Jessica?
What is probably true about Jessica
Who is the librarian for the Getty Research Institute?
After the end of the story, Aimee probably
Aimee Lind probably believes that
What thing did Aimee Lind start
The mini-conferences probably last
Who did Aimee co-found CalArchNet with?
When did Aimee Lind found the California Architecture Archive network?
Aimee probably thinks that
How is Aimee solving the problem of architecture archive accessibility?
When was the third meeting of CalArchNet
Who said "the medieval way of understanding was to create big encyclopedic texts"?
Where does Larisa Grollemond work?
What happened after Larisa graduated with her PhD at the University of Pennsylvania?
Why did Larisa focus on the evolution of depictions of India?
What language was the Mirror of History originally compiled in?
How does Larisa feel about 15-century French manuscript culture?
How does Larisa feel about her time spent at the University of Pennsylvania?
What subject did Larisa probably enjoy the most in high school?
When was the Mirror of History first compiled?
After this story, Larisa probably works for
What issue was Larisa trying to convey from the Mirror of History?
What event led to Larissa focus on the evolution of depictions of India?
How long did it take Larisa to get her PhD?
Larisa probably believes that:
Who is Larisa Grollemond?
What is most likely going to be Larisa's next job?
After completing her education, how does Larisa feel about her field of study?
How long has Larisa been a graduate of the University of Pennsylvania?
The narrator thinks that:
What is the most probably reason by the author wrote the book?
After the story, the narrator will probably
Why did the narrator write his book?
What does the Internet trolls think of the book Dealing With Disrespect?
What does the book "Dealing with Disrespect" help people do?
Why do the trolls comment with venom and vitriol?
What is Dealing With Disrespect?
What is probably true about the narrator?
When was a generation empowered to build new audiences and share interesting things?
How does a friend probably feel when recommending the book to a friend?
How long did it probably take to write Dealing With Disrespect?
After the book was published, how does the author feel about his response?
Who gives up on sharing their creative endeavours?
How did the author come up with the idea to write the book?
What happened before the book Dealing With Disrespect was written?
How long did it probably take the narrator to write his book?
What main issue did the author want to address with the book?
How long did the author meet with Sulamita?
The narrator made the promise to his friend
Who does the author believe suffers from discrimination?
What does the narrator write a blog post about?
What is probably true about the writer?
When did they start thinking a lot about discrimination?
Which is probably true about the author?
Why did the narrator hold off on writing about discrimination?
What does the writer think about solving discrimination?
What do you know about the author?
Who did they meet with while in Brazil
How has the speaker been discriminated against?
The author believes that...
After finishing their blog post the other will likely...
How long did it probably take the writer to write the blog post?
At the end of this story, the writer's friend is probably
Whose idea was it to write about discrimination?
What subject has the author been thinking about?
After the end of this story, the narrator probably is
What did the narrator major in?
What helps teams with the sense that they don't know where they're going?
Roadmaps should be revisited and updated
After a roadmap is constructed, the teams
When should we build a Roadmap
Building a roadmap probably lasts
How many teams are there?
Why can it be difficult to coordinate teams?
What is probably true about the narrator?
When does management become difficult?
The narrator probably believes
Why are some teams not productive
The narrator probably believes
Who should create a roadmap
What is a better way to assign tasks?
What is probably true about the narrator?
Who wants the Ubuntu community to work together on projects?
How long after after the launch event was the author offered a new position?
What job did the writer take with OpenAdvantage?
What was the author's likely response to the Tweet?
What does the writer probably believe about automation?
Why were people in the Midlands seeking retraining?
What is Twitter?
Where was the author living when he heard about OpenAdvantage?
How long has the writer been working for OpenAdvantage?
Why did the writer probably take the job with OpenAdvantage?
Why were a lot of Midlanders out of work?
What happened after the writer wrote about OpenAdvantage?
After reading the Tweet, what year did the author recall as a journalist.
What did the author think of OpenAdvantage?
Who heckled the writer when he was making a speech?
What experience does the author credit with teaching him about knowledge workers?
Who did the author meet at the talk he gave at a Linux Group?
After he was hired, how did the writer view open source?
What are the challenges of the future of artificial intelligence?
What happens after comments are posted to a blog from readers that are critical of the post?
Why is the author disappointed?
What is the author likely to do with negative comments on his own post?
What type of blog post is the author referring to?
What does the author think bloggers should do with negative comments?
Who is the author?
The author believes that:
How long does it probably take the author to read a blog post?
What kind of blog would the author probably like to read about?
When does the author notice people deleting their blog posts?
What is probably true about the author?
What are some reasons that a blogger will delete their post after negative comments?
How long has the author been reading blogs?
Who challenges the author on their views?
Who does the author feel should be accountable for their words?
After the end of the story, the author is probably:
After a blogger leaves up negative comments what is likely to happen?
Why do some blog authors turn off comments on their post?
The narrator's opinion of Microsoft changed because:
Who is Fred?
John believes that
What is probably true about the narrator?
After the end of this story, John is probably
After the end of this story, the narrator is probably:
How was Microsoft different now compared to the old days?
Who ate the cake?
Who is not perfect?
Satya Nadella, Microsoft's CEO probably lasted:
What did Microsoft do?
Who is probably thought of as the Trojan horse?
John ate the cake
What did John eat?
John's wedding ceremony probably lasted
The narrator believes that:
What is probably true about John?
Why was Fred bored?
What show have some of the guests heard Stuart on?
After this passage, The writer and stuart are
How long are the author and Stuart likely to remain friends?
Who did he meet
what is probably stuarts inspiration
The writer believes that
What even were they at
The friendship has lasted
What is true about stuart
How does the author feel about Stuart?
How is Stuart likely to respond to someone who has a new fresh idea?
Why did he like stuart
Who has always supported and challenged the author?
How will Stuart likely feel after the speech?
What are some ways to describe Stuart's personality?
The writer met stuart
When did the author and Stuart become really close friends?
Why was the occasion for the author giving a speech?
What is probably true about the Ubuntu Edge campaign workers?
What were they funding
What is probably true about the F1 superphone?
This speech was made
Who is the author?
Who was proud of those who pledged to the Ubuntu Edge campaign?
When did the Ubuntu Edge campaign raise $12,812,776?
The funding campaign probably lasted
The author probably thinks that
How long did the fundraising campaign for the F1 superphone probably last?
The author believes that
The author in the text believes:
After the end of the story, the author's team
Who in the text was not surprised at not hitting a $32 million dollar target?
Who covered funding
Why were the Ubuntu Edge campaign raising money?
Why did they miss the funding goal
What probably happens after the story?
Who is the writer
Probably how long are work conferences that the author is referring to in the text?
what is true about the writer?
What is probably true about the author?
Why is confidence important at work according to the author?
Feedback usually lasts
According to the author, when can people have a tough pill to swallow at work?
After the end, the writer probably
what did the writer think?
After the end of the story, the author probably:
How much do those who are insecure about their work probably believe they should communicate their failures to others?
The writer believes that
Where do people often not practice what they preach according to the author in regards to seeing the value of critical feedback?
Why does the writer talk about feedback?
people take feedback
Who is the perfect blend at work according to the author?
Who takes feedback?
What is probably true about most people?
What did John eat?
What is the best way to solve the frustrations of the organization
After the end of this story, John is probably
What can the organization do to take a new approach
Who ate the cake?
John's wedding ceremony probably lasted
Who is Fred?
John ate the cake
What problem typically happens in socially dynamic organization
social dynamics cause frustration in the organization when
John believes that
Employees feel frustration as:
Why do organizations run into trouble
Divison between employees and senior management starts
Why was Fred bored?
Who normally reports to the SVP
The junior level employee feel more influential than:
What is probably true about John?
Who blocks their writing in advance?
After interviewing 23 scholars, how does the author probably feel about the pressures of academics?
What issue did the author address first with their time block research?
What does the author feel about the scholar in the UK?
What was a common practice of successful academics?
What happened before the development of Prolifko?
Prolific academics block their time:
How long did it probably take the author to collect all of his research prior to creating Prolifiko?
The researchers believe that academics that schedule are:
What is probably true of an unsuccessful academic:
How did the author collect information to develop Prolifko?
What is the second habit of prolific writers?
How does the author probably feel about time blocking from home?
How long had the academics surveyed been teaching?
Why are academics stuck between a rock and a hard place?
What is most likely the author's job?
Researchers found that writers who don't time-block their writing in advance probably:
Where did the author get his interview scholars from?
Why was paul analyzed
What economist tweets the most?
When were peoples tweets analyzed
How long did the analyzing the tweets between the two groups take?
What happened before tens of thousands of tweets were analyzed in April of 2017?
What is true about the economics guys?
What is probably true about Neil deGrasse Tyson?
Who's tweets' were analyzed?
What did they post
The writer believes that
Why was data gathered from twitter accounts in 2017?
The analysis lasted
Who's tweets use less accessible language and more complex words?
The writer probably believes:
After the end of the passage, the writer
Where do economists communicate poorly?
Who are the scientists
How does the writer feel about economists?
What did the narrator write
The narrator believes that
Why did the editor approach ten potential reviewers?
Who did the narrator write a book with
How long has it been since the author liaised with academic publishers?
How does the author feel about the next upcoming review for their sole-authored book?
What is terrifying about the four reviewers for the co-authored book?
Who did the author and their co-authors decide that they should liaise with?
Who said "I couldn't find anything to praise"?
What are the negative aspects of getting a book reviewed?
After the end of this story, the narrator probably is
When did the narrator liaise with publishers?
The time to write the book probably lasted
Who is the co-author?
How likely is the author to volunteer to liaise with publishers on future books?
Why was the narrator frustrated?
What is probably true about the co-author?
What did the editor and author realize after they had three reviews?
Why is social policy seen as a well placed disciplinary?
The narrator believes that
What is probably true about the narrator
What industry gets most of the funding?
When did the author learn that eminent British sociologists regarded his viewpoint as naive?
Why did the sociologists think the author was naive?
How does the author feel about PR firms?
The sociologist probably feel that
How long did the British Sociological Associations Activism in Sociology Forum members meet for?
How did the author feel after he saw the response to his expressed viewpoint at the meeting?
What are the sociologist's names?
Who are part of the impact industry?
The meeting probably lasted about
Who gets the most funding in the impact industry?
Who are faced with multiple and competing demands?
How many members does the British Sociological Association have?
Who thought the narrator's viewpoint was naive?
When did they discuss a world outside their academy?
The strike will likely last
How long probably has the  The University and College Union (UCU) been in dispute with employers over proposed changes to the USS pension scheme?
Who probably is worried about life after retirement in the story?
How have those workers in the UK felt with the recent proposed changes to the USS pension scheme?
What organization thinks casualisation is above 50%?
How do education workers probably feel about their work environment?
Why was the University and College Union in dispute with employers recently?
What group has recently been in a dispute with employers?
What talks about how competition offers consumers more choice and innovation including higher education?
What happened after the recent UCU dispute?
How do academic staff likely feel about fixed-term contracts?
After the end of the text, how do the professors probably feel about their retirements?
Who has been in dispute recently over proposed changes to the USS pension scheme?
What is probably true about the university employees support of neoliberal ideas?
What contributes most to the "anxiety machine"?
What does competition between providers cause?
When do people often suffer anxiety?
After the strike ends, education workers are probably
The writer probably believes that:
How long does it probably take the author to read an REF impact case study?
After the end of the story what does the author probably think he can best use to achieve impact?
How much time do most medical researchers probably put into a trial study
According to the text, what has been increased for 2021?
What is probably true about reading REF impact cases?
What is the author's thoughts on using media to access impact?
Why isn't achieving impact easy?
What do researchers need to write about to avoid impact agenda?
When did Professor Sir John Curtice know Whitehall?
Who did the author work with of election night fame?
Who is the author?
Why do some researchers make an impact and others do not?
After the end of the story, medical researchers are probably:
What is probably true about the author?
When does the author say that researchers can make millions?
What does the author think about how impact occurs?
Who does the author say can make millions if they make a breakthrough?
Who seemed to transform into a rock-hammer wielding superhero?
What did Jack Sepkoski probably enjoy most about his job?
Who took the writer to see Raiders of the Lost Ark?
What does the author probably think about paleontology today?
Probably how long was the movie, "Raiders of the Lost Ark?"
How does the author feel about his father's work?
How long was the movie Raiders of the Lost Ark
After watching Raiders of the Lost Ark, what career plans did the writer probably think about?
How did Jack and his colleagues change how fossil scientists work?
What does Harrison Ford do?
When did the author watch the movie "Raiders of the Lost Ark"?
Why was the writer impressed with Raiders of the Lost Ark?
What did the author go with his father to see in the movies in 1981?
The author very likely works in
How was University of Chicago associated with Jack?
How does the writer feel about his father?
When did the author's father take him to see Raiders of the Lost Ark?
Where did the author's father work?
What is true of the author?
What happens after you break free from the diet cycle?
How long would it probably take to lose a substantial amount of weight?
Who does the author believe can benefit from the right diet?
After this article the author is likely:
Which is probably true of the author?
Why do you need to commit totally to your diet?
How long has the author been studying dieting and weight lost cures?
What is the number of diet books the author has on their shelf?
When did James lose weight?
What point did the author make?
Why does the author believe weight loss is important?
How does the author feel about trying different diets?
After you find the right diet, how does the author probably feel for you?
Which does the author believe about the ketogenic diet?
What issue is the author addressing?
What does the author probably do as a full time occupation?
What did the author conclude about why people haven't lost weight and kept it off?
Where does the author not want to go?
It will take how long for her to go back on the diet?
Who is blogging about her diet?
What how many diets has the narrator probably been on?
How does she feel about being off diet?
When did the narrator feel most in control?
What will she probably do to lose the weight?
When she lost weight why did she quit dieting?
What will she do know?
Who does the author blame for not having a good day?
How long ago did the narrator probably get braces?
What is gone from her life now that she is off diet?
After she reads this story, what will she do?
How much weight has the author probably gained?
After the blog, how does the author probably feel about skinny people?
What will she think she will probably do?
How does the author probably feel their life now?
What event led the author to have a bad day?
After the end of this story, the narrator is probably:
After the end of this story, the narrator probably is
The narrator was thankful:
Who's hormones are functioning like they should?
The narrator believes that:
The narrator believes that:
When do you acknowledge the way you have treated your body?
Why do people self loathe?
What is probably true about the narrator?
The narrator's self love probably lasted:
What is protecting and cushioning the narrator's body
Who looked in the mirror
The narrator's look in the mirror probably lasted
What is probably true about the narrator?
Why does the narrator have self loathing behavior?
Why was the narrator not liking his body
Who is the narrator's closest friend?
What are the steps to go from self loathing to self love?
What is most likely the author's job?
After reading this story, how does the reader probably feel about herself?
How long does the person think about life?
What does the author probably do when faced with negative thoughts?
Why is it important for you to visualize your evolved self?
How would the author probably feel about negative self evolution?
Why did the author speak of examining "You" in the text?
The author probably thinks that:
Who is being described most in the text?
Who probably examines his life after writing the text?
Who does the author say you ache to be?
How long did it probably take for the author to come up with everything the reader should try to envision?
After people read the author's text, they probably:
What aspects of you does the author ask you to consider?
When does the author suggest you think about your future self the most?
What is probably true about the author?
When does the author want people to think about how one eats and moves?
How much of their future self do you think the author embodies?
When does the novelty wear off when eating cheesecake, chocolate, and hot chips according to the author?
Why does the author eat diet food?
What did the author say he or she occasionally eats that is meat?
What is step one of Inner Wisdom Eating?
How frequently is the author likely to go on strict diets?
Who says he or she eats mostly unprocessed food because he or she loves the taste?
What does the author recommend you do after you are full?
When is the author likely to eat next?
What does the author probably think of food?
What are some likely outcomes of following this advice?
What does the author believe about food?
After the end of the story, what will the author probably have as a drink at a restaurant most likely?
How long does it take for the novelty of junk food to wear off?
What is probably true about the writer's weight?
Who is not a big fan of meat?
Why was the author eat a predominantly vegetarian diet?
How long does the writer probably spend eating each day?
What would the author think is a good meal?
What is true about the writer
She hated valentine's
Who hates valentine's
Why does the writer hate valentine's?
Who was married in a Baptist church?
After the end of this passage, the writer probably
How would the author feel after Valentine's day?
The author believes that Valentines day is
How long ago were the authors parent's married?
What is probably true about the author?
When did the author leave her husband?
The marriage lasted
The writer believes that
What does the author believe?
Who is responsible for the writer's hate for valentines?
Where were the author's parents married?
Who was married on valentines?
Why does the author dislike Valentines day?
How long do most people stick to their resolutions?
What is probably true about the author?
After writing this story, what will the author do on New Years?
When do people usually forget their resolutions by?
What is the author not against?
What did the narrator write?
What are the narrator's goals?
What causes people to fail to make their goals?
Why does the narrator think we should not make resolutions
What is the authors favorite sport?
What is probably true about the narrator?
After the end of this story, the narrator probably is
Who has always been a goal setter?
Resolutions probably last
Why does the author feel we shouldn't make new years resolutions?
What does the author likely think we should do?
The narrator probably believes that
When will New Year's resolutions be forgotten?
What does the narrator probably think about their previous unpreparedness?
What is the most probable reason why Amazon put together a Four Day Survival Kit?
What is inside the Four Person Survival Kit you can buy off of Amazon?
Why should people have emergency kits?
How does the National Hurricane Center probably feel about Amazon's Four Day Survival Kit online?
What does the National Hurricane Center probably think about Amazon emergency kits?
What issue did the person push to address to those living in hurricane prone areas?
How long did it probably take to prepare a hurricane emergency kit?
Where can you find supply lists and emergency plans for hurricanes when preparing a kit?
How long has the narrator probably wanted a hurricane kit?
What event led to Amazon selling Four Person Survival kits?
Who bought many emergency items during the tax-free holiday?
What does the narrator probably think of hurricanes?
After the end of the story, the narrator is probably:
When did the narrator decide to buy a disaster kit?
When did they decide to put together a hurricane emergency kit?
After moving closer to the coast, how do they probably feel about preparing for hurricanes?
What drove the narrator to purchase an emergency kit?
What does the blogger probably think about blogs?
What is a wonderful way to share tips, tricks, and tutorials according to the author?
Where does the writer publish his writing?
Who was first introduced to blogs when friends started writing them?
How long has the writer been following blogs?
Why do people write blogs?
When was the author first introduced to blogs?
What did one friend do when he/she had a child?
What does the writer think about blogging?
How was the writer introduced to blogs?
What is probably true about advertisers blogging?
When did the writer begin following blogs?
After the end of the text, the author probably:
What is probably true about the writer?
What is an online platform for writing about everything?
What does the author probably think about other people blogging?
Who shares tips and info online?
How long does it usually take to read a daily log from a blog?
What is probably true about the author's children?
what can be said about the author?
how do they probably feel about themself?
how long did it take the author to come up with their goals?
Why does the author think you should be productive if you work at home?
When does the author think you should have coffee with your bestie?
how many kids does the author have?
when did they take stock in their life?
why are they facing obstacles?
Who should you not have coffee with to discuss your latest and greatest read when having a goal to write a book according to the author?
Who probably agrees the most with the authors advice in the story?
who is spending time on unimportant things?
What does the author think you should do to generate income from home?
Where does the author work?
How many hours does the mother probably work from home?
what do they have goals for?
After the story ends, the author probably:
after the text, what will the author do?
When did the students do the first self portrait?
How long does the author's self portrait demonstration probably take?
How long would the author wait before they had the children do a second self portrait?
Why does the author find the second self portrait interesting?
When did the author have children draw their first self portrait?
What will likely happen when the teacher finishes her instructions?
After this story is over the author probably:
Where did the author likely teach?
What does the author believe the last self portrait will compare to the first?
The author draws their head and uses what color for their hair?
Who taught about self portraits?
Who will need to model how to draw a self portrait?
Why should the teacher use their hands when giving instructions?
What is  probably the reason the author likes to have students do a second self portrait so long after their first?
What activity does the author describe broken down into stages?
Who is the audience that the author is writing to?
The author probably believes self portraits
How can this activity help ESL students?
The author believes that
Who is the author?
How long do people typicallyprobably list their houses before they are sold?
What is probably true about how much work is required after a house is sold?
When do you make a list of contact people
Who can put your mind at ease when you are moving?
Who is moving
A home sale probably lasted
Why is a realtor helpful when moving?
When does moving usually occur according to the author?
Why did you declutter your living space
After a house is listed on the market, a realtor probably:
The author probably believes that realtors:
Who can help with listing your house on a move?
What do people probably do within a month after they move?
At the end of the story, if you follow the authors guidance, you will probably
What is probably necessary to get your house in the best shape
Who do you need to contact?
What is the author looking to sell?
What do realtors do?
How long will it take to find a realtor you trust
The author believes that:
Who did the author discuss whether they would hire someone to represent them?
How does the author feel about their ability to sell their own home?
Now that the author and her husband have decided to hire someone to represent them what will they likely do next?
The author will most likely
How long should it take to hire a real estate agent?
Why would someone interview a real estate agent?
When did the decision to interview realtors come to the couple selling their house?
Who should interview real estate agents?
What does the author think about recommendations from friends?
What often happens after you tell friends and family that you're selling your home?
What type of information should you gather during an interview with a real estate agent?
Who helps with selling and purchasing homes?
Why does it make sense to interview any prospective agents?
What should one do before hiring a realtor?
What sorts of items does the author tend to store in the garage in containers?
Who will either get it on their own or decline the offer?
The narrator's house was on the market which lasted:
Why did the narrator add close to 100 boxes?
What did the narrator go with her clutter?
How does the author suggest that one can save money?
Who is the narrator?
At the end of the text, the author most likely still has a propensity towards what behavior?
What behavior does the author attribute to the part of them that is a teacher?
The narrator believes that:
After the end of this story, the narrator is probably:
Based on the text, what is highly likely to be true about the author?
Where are the author and their husband relocating to upon the sale of their home?
How much time does it generally take the author to pack a container of items for the garage?
What effect does the author probably believe that decluttering the house will have on it's market value?
What is probably true about the narrator?
When did the narrator declutter her home?
When will a potential recipient of hand-me-downs decline an offer, according to the text?
The narrator believes that:
The narrator wants a trash compactor:
What can we guess about the author?
What is true of the author?
What will the author do after they've finished writing?
What would make their life easier?
After the end of this story, the narrator is probably:
The author wrote this Essay
How long was the author picky about food?
Where is the dream kitchen?
Why did the narrator want a double oven?
Who is giving the prize?
Who spent a week with his grandparents?
The hunt for a new house probably lasted:
What is probably true about the narrator?
What is the author's role?
Why do they need a double oven?
What did the narrator want to do?
What month is the activity supposed to take place?
Your thankful pumpkin should be full before
The author believes that:
The brainstorming session probably lasted:
What is probably true about the author?
The author thought of the Thanksgiving idea:
Who completes this activity?
Afterward, the author most likely felt:
What was decided for the saved pumpkins?
What is probably true about the author?
Why did the author create the thankful pumpkin?
What is the author's name?
Why did the author have a brainstorming session?
Who thought of reasons to be thankful?
This activity probably took:
What did they write?
The author believes that this activity:
The author is probably happy that"
What is a language that the author probably can speak at least a little bit of?
How many countries has the writer been to?
What is the author's job?
When did the writer enjoy some spectacular meals?
Why is being there 100% of the fun for the writer?
When did the author start taking more personal trips
What did the writer learn while traveling?
Who saw many different historical buildings while traveling?
What can look quite glamorous at times?
After the author's plane lands, he probably feels:
Where is a city that the author has been?
After the end of the story:
What is probably true about the writer?
The author probably believes that:
The writer is talking about their travels which have lasted:
The author's typical trip overseas probably lasts :
Why did the author post pictures of their travels on social media?
The writer thinks that others on social media:
The author believes that:
What did facebook try to achieve?
Who is FCC?
When did the case of Facebook's election meddling came up?
What the does mentioned facebook exec probably feel about his company?
Why was facebook not concerned about the negative impact it made on its users?
The narrator Probably believes that:
When was facebook found to manipulate news feeds?
Facebook has probably been violating users trust and privacy  for how long?
Whose trust and privacy was abused?
What is currently making headlines?
What is nothing new?
How long has facebook been reported violating of user privacy?
How did the facebook exec try to justify the Ugly memo?
After reading this narrative, people will probably feel the need to:
What is Cambridge Analytica?
what is probably true about facebook?
At this point Facebook has probably:
The nice weather probably lasted:
Who went walking?
What is a likely description of the Game of Thrones?
After the end of this story, I am probably:
I was surprised:
My co-workers believe that:
Why did the furniture move?
What cast a warm glow?
What is Game of Thrones?
Why was the writer happy?
Who walked over to the fort?
What does the writer probably think of the old city?
What is probably true of the writer and her group?
What happened after the rainy, gloomy weather?
Where is the city on the Adriatic?
What will the writer do at the end of her trip?
What is probably true about the weather?
How long have the writer and friends been in Dubrovnik?
When did the author write the text?
After the end of the text, the author probably:
How does the author probably feel about gun control laws?
What does the author feel about Americans?
What is most likely the author's job?
What issue does the author have with the elected officials she voted for?
According to the text, where did the most recent shooting take place?
Regarding the shooting, the New York Times is probably:
How long did it probably take the author to write the blog post?
Why did the author write the text?
What is probably true about the author?
What is the author angry about?
How long did the author write the text after the Parkland shooting?
When did Sandy Hook happen?
After writing her blog post, how does the author feel about the future for our nation?
Why is the author angry?
What emotion did the author feel after Parkland?
The author believes that:
Who had a bucket list of places to visit including Vegas?
The cab driver probably believes that:
The author probably thinks that Vegas is:
Who wanted to enter a mega jackpot Bingo game?
Who was the woman who wanted to enter the Mega Bingo Jackpot?
When did the author sit at the airport waiting to go to Las Vegas?
After the end of the story, the author probably feels:
What is probably true about the author?
What is probably true about the gamblers in Vegas?
The author's trip to Vegas probably lasted how long:
When did the cab driver have enough money to only work 1 job?
the author's trip to Las Vegas probably lasted:
What did the author refer to Vegas as being like?
Why did the author say he wasn't a big fan of Vegas?
What do the gamblers probably do with their winnings?
Why was the author in the airport?
What was on the author's bucket list?
After the end of the story, the author probably decides:
Who could have melted without fans and air conditioning?
When did the author visit Key West?
About how long ago did Hemingway buy the house?
One kind of event that will likely never be booked at the house is what?
What other activities did the author do while visiting Key West?
After visiting the historical site, how does the author feel about the property?
Where did the author find all the cats?
What is probably true about the speaker?
How does the speaker feel about hot weather?
How does the author probably feel about the price Hemingway bought the house for?
Who had 4 marriages and 3 divorces on a historical site?
How long did it probably take the author to tour the Hemingway House?
What kept the speaker from melting?
Why was the author excited to visit the Ernest Hemingway house?
When did Hemingway buy the Key West house?
Why is it ironic that Hemingway's house is often chosen by newlyweds for their wedding?
Who feeds the polydactyl cats?
What is the most probable reason why the author visited the Hemingway House?
What is the author's feelings towards the AHA/ACC?
How does the author think the readers will react to the new AHA guidelines?
How does the AHA/ACC probably feel about hypertension?
What is the range for moderate systolic blood pressure?
What did the author find while researching the SPRINT study?
How long did it probably take the author to read the SPRINT study?
What is the author's profession?
What was one of the likely effects of the SPRINT study?
Why was this post written?
When did the SPRINT study get published?
What issue did the author have with the AHA/ACC guidelines?
What is most likely the author's occupation?
How long before the release of this article were the new AHA released?
After the release of the new AHA guidelines, what is going to happen to the author's patients?
After educating others on the new guidelines, how does the author feel about the new guidelines implemented by AHA/ACC?
When did the AHA release new guidelines?
What event led the author to write an article about blood pressure?
Who should be careful how they measure blood pressure?
Why is the author getting the flu shot?
Where did the author previously work?
How long did it probably take the author to get her flu shot?
What does the Centers for Disease Control probably believe.
How many people at the Centers for Disease Control hate needles?
What did the author's co-workers at the primary care clinic probably believe?
Who estimates millions of Americans get the flu every year?
When did the primary care clinic encourage patients to get the flu shot?
When should someone get a flu shot?
How does the author probably feel about older patients not wanting to get the flu shot?
Why are many older adults skeptical about getting a influenza vaccination?
What is most likely the author's occupation?
What issue do older patients have about getting the flu shot?
What is the author's favorite activity in October?
Where did the author get the facts about how many people are affected by influenza each year?
How often should adults get a flu shot?
What does the author probably believe?
After getting her flu shot, how does the author feel about others getting the flu shot?
Why is blood-work considered important?
What is the occupation for most of the author's patients?
What should a patient after they obtain their bloodwork results?
After the end of this story, the author is probably:
The author probably believes that:
What illness is the author likely to frequently see in his patients?
How long does it take to draw a patients blood?
What is probably true about the older adults?
Who is a a geriatrician?
Who does the author recommend should always request laboratory results?
What action does the author recommend following blood-work?
What does the author believe a patient with new symptoms should do?
What test is done before to being admitted to the hospital?
How long or often is blood-work conducted for aging adults?
What do caretakers do with the laboratory results?
What are some complaints from blood testing?
When is blood-work done?
Why would a doctor recommend blood work for a patient suffering from fatigue and low energy?
Who probably performed the research on the elderly that was published in JAMA?
When were older people able to decrease the likelihood of suffering a major mobility disaster?
Who participated in the LIFE study?
How long did the researchers go to school?
What is probably true about the sedentary people?
Why was it encouraging that the exercisers experienced less periods of disability than the healthy aging education program?
What do researchers probably think about further studies of the elderly and exercise?
After the end of the story, the author probably did what?
Who published the results of the research study on 1635 sedentary adults that were grouped into exercise and health education groups in 2014?
Who has a third of a chance to suffer from a major disability?
When the LIFE study was over, who walked better?
The author probably believes what?
How long did the elderly probably exercise each day in the structured exercise program published in JAMA?
What does the journal author of JAMA probably think about healthy lifestyles in the elderly?
How many of the researchers were considered elderly people?
Why did elderly people have a decrease in the likelihood of suffering a major mobility disaster?
After the end of the story probably:
Who was sharing more details on the study?
What will a caregiver probably do after reading these tips?
Who reported that one in five falls causes serious injury?
How long does it take to recover from a serious injury resulting from a fall?
What does one need to understand before they learn how to prevent falls?
What does the author believe about the risk of falling?
How do most elderly probably reduce their risk of falling?
What is likely true about someone who has a fear of falling?
Who are some of the best resources an older person can talk to about ways to reduce fall risk?
How do the elderly feel about falls?
When can a person determine how to prevent falls?
What can affect an aging adult's quality of life?
How should one go about reducing fall risk?
What is the author's occupation?
Why can fear of falling significantly affect an aging person's quality of life?
How long would a vision check probably take for an elderly person to help with safety seeing in the home?
After the elderly are given personalized fall prevention programs how do they probably feel about falls?
What is probably true about the elderly?
Who reported that one in five falls causes a serious injury?
The online training probably lasted
Who are amazing people?
Why do they do it online
Who coaches online?
What is true about online coaches
What is probably true about airmiles?
The teachers started coaching online
What is intense?
The author has new ideas:
After the teachers coached online, they probably
Coaching probably lasts:
Why can the author hire more people?
Who would coach online?
The leader believe that
The author believes that:
After the end of this story, school leaders are probably:
What do they do online
Who is the company seeing more of?
Why was this plan executed?
the author thinks that hiring 1000 designers
What did Gilbert do as IBM's General Manager of Design?
When did design thinking begin to be a thing?
Phil Gilbert is probably trying to
When did the author became aware of Gilbert's plan?
After the end of this story, Gilbert probably realizes that:
How long is the training expected to last?
Gilbert probably believed that:
What did Gilbert aim to achieve by hiring designers?
Who is the prospective client?
what is the author's job?
How long did it probably take to train all the employee's in design thinking?
Why did IMB hire so many designers?
What is probably true about Gilbert?
Who hired 1000 designers into the IBM firm?
What is probably try about Phil Gilbert?
Where did they establish design stations?
Why does the author fly to Melbourne?
What do the airlines do for frequent flyers when they land?
What did the author start doing after they started working for Channel 4?
Who lives in Melbourne?
What is the author likely to do after their next trip to Melbourne?
What does the author like about Melbourne?
What is probably true about the author?
What is the author likely to tell next?
How long is the flight from Edinburgh to Melbourne?
Who does most of the non-managerial work in NoTosh?
Why does the author love flying?
How long did it take for the author to create NoTosh?
Where is the company NoTosh based out of?
What does the author like about flying?
How does the author feel about flying to Melbourne?
What is probably true about the author?
Who created the company NoTosh?
How does the author feel about their environmental impact?
Why did Krzysztof ask inspectors if he could hug them?
Who has probably given a favorable portrayal of the Drumdruan Upper School on more than one occasion?
How long was Tilda Swinton in show business?
Who does things without really planning it out?
Who published a fascinating account of the special place that Drumdraun Upper School is?
What was the next song that Krzysztof sang?
How long was the performance of Media Vita for the inspectors at the school?
Who believed that another solution for schooling needed to be made?
When did Tilda Swinton start the Drumdruan Upper School?
What is probably true about Tilda Swinton?
What does Krzysztof think of the music performed at Drumdruan Upper School?
Why did they sing to the inspectors?
After the story ends, the inspectors probably:
When do students get grades at Snow Queen school in Scotland?
who was afraid of the witch?
Who created the Drumdruan Upper School?
After the inspection, the inspectors probably:
What did the inspectors probably do after the inspection
Who borrowed for his own mother's report card?
For how long has the writer probably studied Boyd's works:
After the end of this story, Boyd probably is
Who is Hammond
Why is a student 60% less likely to get to a university?
Boyd believes that we want
When did Boyd borrow from his mother's report card?
The writer thinks that:
In whose own small community in East Kilbride is the writer referring to?
When did Boyd borrow from his mother's report card?
What is probably true about the narrator?
What grades did Boyd get?
What grades did Boyd's mother get?
After the end of the story the writer:
Why does the writer think we should stop basing "the gap" largely on attainment?
The writer probably thinks that:
The study by Boyd probably lasted
Dr. Murray is probably a doctor in what field?
What does McColl probably think matters the most in education?
Who contributed to shaping the collaboration between City of Glasgow College and Newlands Junior College?
What does McColl probably think about non-traditional approaches to education?
What was probably the result of cooperation between Newlands Junior College and Glasgow College?
When is Stanford talking of a project called Open Loop?
What else is NoTosh probably engaged in?
How likely would NoTosh support more flexible options in education for students?
After the story ends, how have students at Newlands Junior College reacted to partnering with Glasgow College?
What does McColl probably think about schools partnering with colleges or universities in apprenticeships?
When did NoTosh help to form the program of NJC?
How long will it take to find out if the new program is successful?
Why should schools partner with colleges?
How long have the current school learning methods probably been in place?
What is difficult to change, according to prof. Boyd?
What does Professor Brian Boyd probably think about schools partnering with colleges or universities in apprenticeships?
Why is Stanford trying to work on an Open Loop program?
Who is talking about a project for a college where learning and work happen over far more than a usual four year degree?
Who feels the education system has been failing the past 40 years according to the article?
The author probably thinks that:
What was Juliette's degree in
After this story, Juliette probably
What grade does the author teach?
Why do many medical students drop out?
When did Juliette Murray start helping students get into medicine?
What is probably true of the author?
What is Juliette's race
To get started, the program took
How long did the author probably study European Law?
What grades did Juliette Murray get in school?
Who started the work experience program
Which is probably true about Juliette
Who studied law?
Why did Juliette start the program
Students undertook real life surgery
After receiving help from Juliette Murray, most students probably:
Juliette probably thinks
What is probably true about the episode of EastEnders that was celebrating the show's 30 year birthday?
Who watched the drama with the author?
What does the author probably think of television?
The author probably believes that:
Why was the author too weary to put finger to touchscreen when a post came to him at 10 pm last night?
After the story ends, the author probably:
Who is Mrs Mc?
How long was the 30th year birthday episode of EastEnders?
What is probably true about the author?
When was the author feeling tired?
Why does the drama have a cliffhanger?
Who did the author watch Broadchurch with last night?
How long does each Eastenders' drama's episode expected to run?
what did the author watch with Mrs Mc?
When did the author get the answer as to who killed Lucy Beale?
What was the soap opera admired by British people that the author says is a master of writing?
What does the author probably think about finding out the answer to a cliffhanger on Eastender after 14 months?
After the end of this story, the author is probably:
How did the narrator probably feel after the story
What is probably true about the author?
Why was the author unhappy with the sporf design?
The author probably believes that:
What is probably true about the narrator?
What is the author's hobby
After the end of the story, the author is probably:
What did the narrator compare the sporf to?
Why was the narrator frustrated with the design of the sporf?
How long after using the sporf, did it take the author to realize whether he liked it or not?
How long was the narrator probably at the airport?
What was the author looking for in the sporf design?
Where was the narrator traveling to?
Who had the issue with the sporf?
What has a serrated edge?
When did the author discover the sporf?
What does the narrator probably think about strategy documents?
When did the narrator notice the sporf?
Who does the author believe is responsible for changing his attitude?
Who pointed out to the author that everyone was bored with his reply?
Why did the author's wife point out to him that he often answered people with the quote that he is tired?
Who is the famous writer at speech giver at US university graduations?
Who did Kurt Vonnegut tell a story about to soon-to-be-non-students?
When did Kurt Vonnegut say his grandpa worked hard?
What did Vonnegut's grandpa say to others who asked him how he was?
What will the author likely say the next time someone asks how he is?
For how long did the author give the same reply to people?
How long probably was Vonnegut's speech to college students often?
What was grandpa's occupation?
Why was everyone bored with his reply?
After Kurt Vonnegut's grandpa died what story did Vonnegut probably remember the most about him?
What would Kurt's grandpa do after a hard days work?
What did Kurt Vonnegut probably think of his grandpa?
Who probably didn't have a lot of cash besides Vonnegut's grandpa?
What is probably true about Vonnegut's grandpa?
What does grandpa do to relax?
What does the author think about the hand spa and massage at the event?
Who tried out the star stamped, funky, black eyeliner pen?
Why does the author think it's a shame that Body Shop make-up is sometimes forgotten?
The author probably thinks that the staff is:
After the Body Shop blogger event was finished, the guests most likely:
When did the great demonstration of the new make-up products happen?
After the event, how does the writer feel about returning to a similar event next year?
Who organized the The Body Shop blogger event in Coppergate, York?
What did the author recently review
Which is probably true about the author?
Why was the writer glad to attend the The Body Shop blogger event at her local store in Coppergate, York?
How much money does the owner of The Body Shop probably make in a year?
The Blogger Event was so successful that they probably:
When was The Body Shop blogger event in Coppergate, York?
The blogger event probably lasted:
What is probably true about the products used at the event?
Where was The Body Shop blogger event held several weeks ago?
How long was the duration of The Body Shop blogger event in Coppergate, York?
Why are many people trying to steer away from parabens?
What is probably true about the narrator?
The narrator probably feels that Soft & Gentle odordant
What is probably true about the narrator?
How long has the narrator probably been using this product?
When did the narrator switch to a paraben free deodorant?
Who is trying to eliminate parabens?
What brand is has paraben-free deordorant?
How long did the narrator take to notice that the deodorant was working?
Why did narrator change from products with paraben?
The narrator probably is
What scent has the narrator been using?
After the end of this story the narrator probably
What is free from parabens, allergens and aluminium and uses astringent plant extracts?
After using Soft & Gentle's odorant, the narrator probably feel
The narrator probably believes that
The narrator decided to change to Soft & Gentle's deodorant
What is the author's profession?
What kind of scent does the Rescue shampoo and conditioner have?
How long has the writer had a problem with itchy scalp?
What is probably true about the writer?
What color hair does the writer have?
The writer's search for the right shampoo probably has lasted:
The writer believes that:
At the end of the story, the writer is probably
Why did the shampoo not remove grease and oil from the writer's scalp?
What does the writer suffer from?
How long did the writer probably use the Mild Shampoo and Conditioner?
What is probably true about the writer?
What product has an almond scent?
Why does the author try Naked shampoos?
When did the writer want to try out another variant?
How does the author feel about using Naked products?
When did the author decide to try out other Naked products?
With which products did the itching subside?
After the end of the story, the writer will probably:
What is probably true about Lavera shampoo?
Why did the author try to research natural shampoos?
When did the author start researching natural shampoos?
After the article what shampoo does the author use?
After the end of the story, the author probably:
What does the author believe about the organic witch hazel gel shampoo?
Who will the author probably share his success with Lavera with?
How long has the author had a sensitive scalp?
What is probably true of the author?
Where did the author find out about Lavera?
When did the author's hair feel a lot cleaner?
What is the author sensitive to?
What did Rainforest Balance Shampoo and Conditioner from The Body Shop smell like?
How does the author probably feel about Rainforest Balance Shampoo and Conditioner from The Body Shop?
Why did the author change shampoo?
How long did the author take to wash his or her hair?
What shampoo did the author switch to?
Who knows that the author suffers from an extremely sensitive scalp that can be itchy a lot?
What does the narrator most likely think that MAC Patent Polish Lip Pencil should do with the plum color she bought?
Why is the MAC Patent Polish Lip Pencil recommended to buy for people who aren't used to darker shades?
How does the narrator probably feel about the NARS Velvet Matter Lip Pencil?
How long has the narrator probably been using the MAC Patent Polish Lip Pencil?
After the end of the passage, what color will the narrator probably buy in the MAC Patent Polish Lip Pencil?
What is probably true about the author?
What happened when the narrator tried on the MAC Patent Polish Lip Pencil?
Who is the author?
What does the narrator probably enjoy doing?
The author believes that:
Who tried the lip products?
When did the author decide which lip product she liked better?
How long did it probably take the author to test the products?
Why was the author trying both lip products?
What products did the author review?
What has the narrator been wanting to try out?
After the end of the story, the author is probably:
What did the narrator mention about the color of the MAC Patent Polish Lip Pencil?
How long did it probably take the reviewer to use the Trufflesque product?
At the end of the story the narrator probably felt
What did the narrator review?
How long has Temple Spa been a company?
What did the reviewer use?
What is suitable for all skin types?
Why did the reviewer wait several years to try Temple Spa products?
How long has the narrator probably been involved in beauty products?
At the end of the review the reviewer might likely do what?
What is probably true about Temple Spa products?
How does the reviewer probably feel now about Tempe Spa?
The narrator likely feels that the product
What is probably true about the author?
What happened before the writer reviewed this product?
Why was the narrator first put off of the product?
Who had a really pushy salesperson?
The first time the narrator experienced Temple spa was
What does the narrator think of Temple Spa's competitors?
How long has the narrator probably been using this product?
The author probably believes in
What does the narrator probably continue using after the story?
What kind of skin problem was MooGoo invented for?
The author is probably very busy
When did the narrator use the oil cleanser?
When did/will the author help out a local charity?
Why was the MooGoo brand started?
Who reviewed the moisturizer?
How long does the oil cleansing method probably take?
Where did the author get a sample of the product?
What is probably true about the narrator's profession?
What does the author review on her blog?
The narrator probably feels that MooGoo is good because
Why did the author stop blogging?
What kind of cleanser does the narrator use?
Who adapted a cream used in dairy farms?
After the end of this blog, the author will probably
what is probably true about the woman?
how long did it take for the Deep Peace Aromatic Body Oil to arrive?
why doesn't the woman love the Aromatic Massage Oil fragrance?
How does the author probably feel using all of these free samples?
How long did it probably take the author to use the whole bottle of Deep Peace Aromatic Body Oil?
After trying the Aromatic Massage Oil, how does the author feel about the scents overall?
What happened before the author tried Deep Peace Aromatic Body Oil?
Where did the author discuss her experiences using Botancials products?
Why is the author excited to try Deep Peace?
What is the most likely occupation of the author?
which fragrance is very subtle?
what arrived for the woman just in time?
when does the woman use her Deep Peace Aromatic Body Oil?
how big was the bottle for the Aromatic Massage Oil?
how does the woman probably feel about the oils?
What issue does the author have with the Rose Geranium?
What did the author's husband eat while he had the flu?
after the end of the story, what will the woman probably do?
What is most like true and the speaker
Who loves these products?
Why does the writer use natural bodycare products
During the review, the writer recommended
The speaker believes natural skincare and bodycare products
What does the grapefruit shower gel do for the speaker
How long did it probably take to test the products?
Why is SLS harmful to me?
What are readers interested in?
How long does it take for speakers hair become very manageable
When can I brush my hair
Why did the reviewer probably post about this topic
Why does the reviewer probably avoid chemicals?
What issue does SLS cause for the narrator
Who is the reviewer?
The writer probably feels that the products are:
Who does the speaker write her opinions of hair and skin products for
After testing products, the writer likes natural skin and hair products
What product is probably the author's favorite of all the Juicy Tubes?
What shades of Juicy Tubes look good on her?
What makeup item did she test?
After this year, does Lancme make more Juicy Tubes?
Who thinks that Juicy Tubes changed her life?
How long does it probably take the author to apply her makeup in the morning?
How is she doing in life?
How much time passed between the original purchase and the second lipgloss trial?
Why was the author impressed with Lancome Juicy Tubes?
When did the author feel Lancome Juicy Tubes first changed her life?
Why does she like to wear lipgloss?
After the end of the story, the author probably:
How long did it probably take her to try more shades of Juicy Tubes?
Which lipgloss matched the customer's lip color the closest?
Why was the author using Juicy Tubes?
The author probably believes that:
What types of oil did the author use on her lips?
What does the customer think buying Lancme Juicy Tubes means?
How long has the author probably been writing the blog?
The author probably no longer thinks:
When did the author go on a trip outside of the US?
What was  the author's biggest driving adventure before the blog?
How long are most of the author's drives?
What kind of car did the author drive in the Floridian tropical storm?
How long has the author written a blog?
What made the navigation on all the devices jam?
What does the author probably think of the trailer driver?
After the end of the story, the author probably did what?
Why was the author scared?
When did the author drive in a shoulder lane?
Why was the author in Texas
After the blog is over what does the driver think of  their driving abilities?
What does the author feel is a concern in outside the US?
What is probably true about the author?
Who is a fan of suburban adventures?
Who does not like skydiving?
The author probably believes that:
What did the author eat at McDonald's?
Where did the blogger go before visiting Brasov?
Why did the author and her husband decide to stay in Brasov?
What is probably true about the author?
What does the blogger probably like to do while traveling to new cities?
Who ate at the McDonald's in Brasov, Transylvania?
After the end of the story, the author is probably:
What issue did the blogger personally experience while visiting the city on a Sunday?
How does the blogger probably feel about having McDonalds in Brasov?
When did the author decide to stay in Brasov?
When did the blogger have McDonalds?
After a full day, how did the blogger probably feel about her day trip to the city?
The author's trip to Brasov probably lasted
Where did the author want to visit after she left Romania?
How long did the blogger spending exploring the city of Brasov?
What event led the blogger to wanting to spend a few nights in Brasov?
Who is the author?
The author probably thinks killer whales:
Why was the author in a meditative state?
When did the author do whale watching?
Where are the killer whales most studied?
What land mass are the killer whales nearest?
What is the author's occupation?
When did the captain head past the Canadian/American border?
What does the narrator think of Yoga?
After returning from the killer whale study, the author probably:
The whale watching expedition probably lasted:
After the end of this story, the narrator  is probably:
Who had modern day dilemmas?
Why did the captain head to the Canadian/American border.?
What does the author probably think about killer whales?
What does the author probably feel about work?
What is probably true about the narrator?
What needs to be prescribed on the NHS?
How long has the narrator been going on whale watches?
How old is the forest said to be dated?
How does the narrator's husband probably view danger?
How long does it take to hike the trails in the Lynn Canyon park?
The author believes that the Capilano Suspension Bridge:
How long ago was the Lynn Canyon Suspension Bridge most likely built?
What made the author stay behind at the park's local cafe?
What does the narrator's husband probably do for a living?
Why was the author told about the Lynn Canyon Suspension Bridge and surrounding park?
Who lived in an apartment on the North Shore of Vancouver in the story?
When is the Lynn Canyon Suspension Bridge and the surrounding park is a lovely place to stay?
Who is the more adventurous one in the blog post?
How does the narrator and her husband probably feel about living in Vancouver?
Where is the famous Capilano Suspension Bridge?
After the end of the story the author probably:
Why was the narrator describing the park so much?
What sparked the creation of the Lynn Canyon Park in 1912?
What is probably true about the wildlife near the Lynn Canyon Suspension Bridge?
After the blog post, what did the narrator probably enjoy most about her day at the park?
Who were the speakers' flying companions?
Why did they fail to realize that they had boarded the plane?
When did the couple exchange vows?
What did the speaker and his/her associates watch?
After this story the plane probably:
The seaplane excursion probably lasted:
The plane flight probably took:
Who looped around?
What does it mean that the world turned into a Lilliput version of itself?
What is the author's relationship to the couple who got married?
When did the author book their seaplane flight?
According to the author, the harbor is spectacular, which harbour is spectacular?
Why was the author hanging out in a airport lounge?
John most likely used what to record the seaplane ride?
What were the "gleaming silver confections of modernity"?
What is probably true about the writer?
How does the writer probably feel about the seaplane excursion?
The author of the story thinks that:
Who didn't need a random kiwi gawking at her?
Why did the author make a poker face after seeing Lady Gaga?
After Lady Gaga left the spa, the guests probably:
How long was Lady Gaga at the Scandinavian Spa?
Where did the author see Lady Gaga?
Lady Gaga probably believes that:
After the end of the story, the writer probably:
How long was the author probably in the presence of Lady Gaga?
When did Lady Gaga come into the spa where the author was relaxing?
What is probably true about Lady Gaga?
When did the writer try to keep a poker face?
Why was the writer trying to keep a poker face?
What does the author probably tell her husband when she meets back up with him?
Who did the author see in the steam room at the spa?
Where was the writer's husband?
What is probably true about the writer?
How long did the peaktopeak gondola ride last?
The writer believes that:
After the end of the story the author probably:
What will Chihuly best be known for
Who received a Fulbright Fellowship in 1968 and then worked at the Venini glass factory?
What does the author think about Chihuly's art?
How long did it take for Chihuly to create the sculpture suspended over the V&A museum?
Why was the author curious to learn more about Chihuly?
What is probably true about Chihuly
Chihuly received many awards
After losing an eye to his profession, Chihuly
How did Chilhlu learned his glass blowing skills
What is probably true about Chihuly?
What entity did Chihuly help found
Chihuly believes that
What do museums think about Chihuly's works becoming part of their exhibits?
When did the author discover the exhibit Chihuly Garden and Glass?
How long has Chiculy been creating sculptures for
Who had a sculpture of his hung at the V&A Museum information desk?
Who did the writer learn about Chihuly from
Who tumbled off the train?
What did the author eat on his visit?
When did the author visit Yorkshire?
The entire trip probably lasted:
After the end of the story, the writer:
The writer probably:
About how many times has the author visited York over the years?
Who did the author go "wandering" with?
When did the writer meet Harold?
Why are the expats in the top 2 of the writer's ranking system?
How long did the author probably stay in York?
How large is the seal colony at Donna Nook?
In the future, the author will probably
The author believes York has
Who did the author enjoy meeting?
The writer probably believes that:
What does the author write about in his blog?
What big claim is the writer making?
How long did it probably take to climb to the top of the castle?
When did the narrator find out people haven't heard of Ghent?
The narrator believes that
What did the narrator eat
Why was the narrator vowing to return?
After the end of the story the author probably:
The author believes that the view from atop the towers of the castle in Ghent were:
Who visited Ghent
Who can give tours of the city by canal?
Where is the narrator from?
What is probably true about the narrator?
When did the author travel to Ghent with city passes?
The trip to Belgium probably lasted
What do most people probably think of the canal tours of Ghent?
Why did the author pop in and out of museums on the trip to Ghent?
Who can help you get to know the city of Ghent better with some offering picnics as you float through the city?
After the end of the story, the narrator probably is
What is probably true about most of the guests exploring the castle in Ghent?
What is probably true about the writer?
When did the blogger leave the lens cap off her camera?
What it the blogger probably doing these days?
Who doesn't like photos of herself?
Where will the narrator probably travel next?
What does the blogger like to eat?
Why does the blogger consider herself impractical?
How does the blogger feel about traveling?
How does the author probably feel about her photos of other people?
How long did it take the writer to get New Zealand, stopping in 3 countries en route?
Where is Cornwall?
Where does the blogger like to eat McDonald's the most?
How long does it probably take the author to take a picture of herself that she likes?
When did the narrator accidentally find herself on a volcano?
Who doesn't want to be called a travel blogger?
How is the author probably able to travel so often?
How many times has the author probably had McDonalds after having it in Europe?
Why was the author more unfriendly towards people when she was in New Zealand?
Who wrote "The Italian Baker?"
When did the author think colomba would make a very good baking project?
What did the narrator make?
What did the author probably do with the colomba she made from the Field's recipe?
What does the author probably eat with Columba at Easter?
After Easter is over, the author probably:
When do you make colomba?
Making colomba probably lasts
What desert did the author say was a fixture at Easter tables around Italy?
What is probably true about the narrator
How long does it probably take to make columba?
Why does the author say the legend may have been made up for Columba?
Who came across the paper forms for making colomba at the super market?
Who is Carol Fields?
Why do young girls make colomba?
The narrator believes that
After the end of this story, Carol Field is probably
What does the author think about the baking book Carol Field's The Italian Baker?
When did the author write the post?
What is most likely true about the author after this story?
In what country was the author's PhD study done?
Why was the author aware of their positionality?
What is most likely true about the author after this story?
About how long was the author likely in school before starting on a PhD?
When did the author interview esteemed academics?
What can change an academic's career?
What does the author likely believe?
How long will it probably take to finish the PhD program?
What does the author likely believe?
Which country does the author probably like the best?
What is the author's likely opinion on school?
What was an important element of research for the author?
What is an important part of British academia?
What is probably true about the author?
Why did the author interview academics?
What would the author prefer to do, out of these options?
What movie does the writer feel have great lighting?
Why was the cowboy drenched in shadows in the scene of the movie?
What is probably true about the lighting in the movie "The Good, The Bad and The Ugly?"
What does the author think of the lighting in the film?
What lighting effect does the author seem most confused by?
What is the film The Good, The Bad, and The Ugly often regarded as?
When does the scene have extremely beautiful lighting in "The Good, The Bad, and The Ugly?"
What character appears in the first shot of the scene?
How will the author view the lighting the next time he watches the film?
Where was the movie "The Good, The Bad, and The Ugly" first seen?
What did the author notice after additional viewings of the film?
What can you infer about the film?
How does the writer feel about the lighting in the movie "The Good, The Bad, and The Ugly?"
How long did it likely take the author to write their analysis?
After the story, what is probably true about the cowboy from "The Good, The Bad and The Ugly?"
How does the author change the way he watches the film?
Who stands in the hallway in the first shot of the scene in "The Good, The Bad, and The Ugly?"
How long probably is the movie, "The Good, The Bad, and The Ugly?"
What is probably true about the author's husband?
How long have they been married?
What grounds or holds will convince them to keep their marriage?
How long after the wedding did the writer to discover that her husband was gay?
What did the author find on her husband's computer?
Why was the author heartbroken?
How does the author probably feel about her situation with her husband?
What was the husband's occupation?
The author probably believes that her husband:
What has been bothering the author?
Why did the author's husband have no passion for the author?
For how long has the husband felt attracted to the same sex?
The couple described in this passage will probably soon commemorate:
when did the author have a final conviction that there was nothing wrong with her?
After the end of this story, the author is probably:
What is probably true about the author?
The author is not whose type?
What convinced the author's husband marry the author?
What is worth it?
The writer believes that:
After going down into the catacombs, how does the author probably feel about the cost of the tickets?
How long would you probably have to wait in line without online tickets?
How did the author get tickets for the catacombs?
How does the author feel about purchasing her tickets online?
What is limited for each time slot?
When did the author last visit Paris?
Why is the author concerned about a budget?
What is the most probably reason why the author decided to visit the catacombs?
What did the author do after leaving the catacombs?
What issue did the author mention about the tickets for the catacombs?
Where did the author print her tickets?
The author probably feels:
When did the author see the catacombs?
What is probably true about the author?
How long did the author probably explore the catacombs for on her visit?
Where is the author from?
When do people generally seek help with their bowels?
Who can benefit from laxatives?
Why might healthcare providers not think to take constipation seriously?
What are some side effects of constipation in the elderly?
Why might older adults suffer from abdominal pain?
How do older people feel about healthcare providers?
What is probably true about those with dementia and constipated?
What is probably the best way to treat constipation in the elderly?
How long may it take for a laxative to help constipation?
Why do physicians often overlook constipation in the elderly?
What do most people probably believe about constipation?
How long does it take a person to get evaluated for constipation?
After the end of the story, healthcare providers probably think what?
What is probably true about abdominal pain?
When might hemorrhoids occur?
After taking laxatives, when can you expect a bowel movement?
Who may likely suffer from fecal incontinence?
Who is often focused on more serious health issues?
After they learned the recipe, they kept
What does the author probably believe?
What is a joy to look at?
What is the author's ideal everyday cake made of?
Why was the author eagerly awaiting a debut cookbook?
Why does the writer love cooking?
What is true about julia?
who made the recipe?
When did the author meet Julia Busuttil Nishimura?
Julia believes that
How does the author feel after reading the cookbook?
The author of the article has probably been cooking for how long?
The writer loved cooking
What is probably true about the author of the article?
What is the author of the articles background in food?
The demonstration of cooking lasted
What recipe did they learn?
who is julia?
Who is a pretty self-conscience person?
After the project was complete, the narrator likely:
Before the author took the studio, it is most likely he had experience:
Why did the author think the studio was overall successful?
How long did the filmmaking studio likely last?
When did the narrator develop his ability regarding how to use a lapel mic?
Why was the narrator self-conscience?
After the end of the story, the narrator probably still is
Who taught the narrator?
What did the narrator learn how to use?
The narrator believes that
When did the narrator learn to trust himself and really own his film work?
What is probably true about the narrator?
What forced the author to develop his personal aesthetic?
The narrator probably believes that:
The learning process probably lasted
What does the narrator probably currently do for a living?
What did the narrator learn?
After the event, what is mostly likely true about Claire?
Who felt that the questions adequately covered the theme of creativity?
What type of artist is Claire?
Why are the answers limited to no more than a minute?
What is most likely true about the how the author's job or profession is categorized generally, based on the text?
Who is the author going to film on September 16th?
How does the author likely feel about the upcoming interview?
Why did the author and Claire need to whittle down the number of questions to six main ones?
What is the interview being used for?
What was the author planning to film in collaboration with Claire?
How well known is Claire as an artist?
How long did the interview segment between the author and Claire last?
What does the author think most likely believe that the question and answer session will achieve?
What happened after the author sent Claire a list of potential questions?
When did the author consult with Claire to streamline the list of questions down to six main ones?
What works of art has Claire created?
What will the author do after the interview on the 16th?
How long will each of Claire's answers be edited down to?
What did David write?
After the story, David Gauntlett is probably:
What did David Gauntlett write about?
After the end of this story, David probably is
Why was  David making a good point?
Who believes that the ability to do thing with media should be embraced over and above the ability to talk about what others do with media?
Who has been pumping out the same content areas since the 1980s?
Who is Fred
What is probably true about Tim Ingold?
Who is Tim?
What is probably true about author David Gauntlett?
David Gauntlett probably believes that:
How long does it probably take to read David Gauntlett's book?
Why did David Gauntlett feel the need to write his new book?
When was David Gauntlett inspired to write his newest book?
The time to write David's book probably lasted
David believes that
When did David Gauntlett encourage a new call to arms?
What did the author study in college?
Where does the author find art?
What country is the author most likely from?
How long has the author been writing an art blog?
What was the author always interested in?
Why did the author choose art blogging?
When did te author started the art blog?
When did the author make a post about Thelma Schoonmaker?
After the story ends, the author probably:
Who did the blogger post about most recently?
The author probably believes that:
After starting the blog, how does the author feel about Thelma Schoonmaker?
Who is the author?
Why did the author start an art blog?
How does the author feel about traditional art literature?
What does the author probably think about blogging?
How long will the author probably continue blogging?
What does the author converse with friends about often probably?
What is probably true about the video the author created?
The self-portrait probably lasted
When did the narrator start her self-portrait?
What did Annie Dillard write about?
Who is Annie Dillard?
What is probably true about Annie Dillard?
What does the author think about the quote by Anne Dillard regarding how he spends his days?
When do people use broad brushstrokes according to the author?
Who stated that how we spend our days is how we spend our lives?
Why did the narrator think an internal list did not define her?
After the end of the story, the author probably:
Why did the author change his views about what was the best representation of himself?
After the end of this story, the narrator probably is
Anne Dillard believes what probably?
Probably how long was the video the author made?
Annie Dillard believes that
Who made a self-portrait?
What is the author's personality probably?
What is probably true about Riah?
The author's interview probably lasted:
Who lives in a studio
Why did the interview go so smoothly?
What is probably true about Claire?
Who is Riah?
After the end of the story, Claire is probably:
Where in town is Claires studio located?
What field was Claire a part of?
How long did the entire interview take?
After the end of the interviews, Riah felt:
Riah believes that:
Riah and the author traveled to Wheelers Hill
Why did the interview go smoothly?
The author thought the interviews:
Who is Stephen?
Who conducted the interview
When did the author and Riah take pictures of things in Claire's apartment?
Why was the narrator thinking about creativity?
The creative process probably lasts
What proportion of hard work is probably necessary for creativity?
Why does creativity get tricky?
When does the unique idea come to a creative person?
What does creativity seem to be to most people?
After the end of the text, the author probably believes
How long has the author probably been thinking about these questions?
When did the narrator start thinking about creativity?
Who are the gods?
At the end of this story, the narrator probably is
What is probably true about the narrator
What do most people think about creativity?
What is probably true of the author of the article?
What is a gift from the gods?
Who started Capturing Creativity Studio?
What can be defined as an ability to think outside the box
The narrator believes that
what does the  author say it pays to be a perfectionist when shooting a film?
What was the name of the filming location?
How long did the filming last?
The faux film was made:
What did the narrator have story boarded?
What was the writer's root cause of frustration?
Why could the narrator complete his neurotic film project?
Why do you likely think Rosie need a camera to  film a  script?
Actors tend to change the modalities of a  film shooting
The narrator believes that:
After the end of this story, the narrator is probably:
Who had all the shots?
Nikon cameras are the best for movie shooting
Who was the narrator?
What is the author's preoccupation?
What happened after the first day of filming?
The filming probably lasted:
What is probably true about the narrator?
Who is Fred?
who researched about constraints
What did John eat?
John believes that
What is probably true about John?
The writer believes that
What is true about heidi philipsen
John ate the cake
Who ate the cake
The writer learned about constraints
After the end of this story, John is probably:
After this passage, the writer probably
why was the writer researching
Why was Fred bored?
Who is the writer
John's wedding ceremony probably lasted
What did the writer research
The research lasted
Why does the author recommend sweeping and mopping at a brisk pace?
What do you think the author would recommend to lose weight?
For the best results, how long should the reader clean at one time?
What is probably true about increasing activity time during housework?
What is necessary to lose weight?
What do you think is a reader's incentive for looking at this text?
How long of increased activity will help you probably lose weight?
Why does the author probably feel that exerting more effort in the performance of chores is a good weight loss strategy?
After following the author's recommendations, what do you think a reader would be most likely to be thinking?
Who has to do housework?
Who can expect to probably lose weight if they increase their amount of time and intensity of housework?
When should you throw extra gusto into your housework?
What is bothering the reader?
The author probably believes that:
What did the author think we can do during cleaning to improve our weight loss journey?
After the end of this story, the author probably:
Cleaning the windows is mentioned:
Why should we put some more oomph into housework according to the author?
What, besides weight loss, must be factored into a dieter's dietary needs?
After each week you should probably
What is a good goal
When did the author first started dieting?
Who should break weight loss down into long term goals?
How long does it take to become committed to a diet.
The diet lasted for
The writer believes
What is probably true about why the author knows about weight loss?
After the story is over the author probably:
Why is it best lose a pound or two a week and not more?
what is true about the writer
who is this article for
Who can set goals
Think about your goals
When should weight loss goals be set?
Why does the author probably believe it is best to lose 1 or 2 pounds a week?
Why should goals be set
What is probably a reason someone would go on the Mediterranean diet?
Why is the Mediterranean diet not be for everyone?
Why does the writer think the Mediterranean diet may not be for everyone?
When will the Mediterranean diet pay off financially?
How long has the writer been on the Mediterranean diet?
After someone tries the Mediterranean diet, how can you probably tell if its not working?
What does someone on the Mediterranean diet eat out of a vending machine?
How does the FDA feel about the Mediterranean diet?
How long does someone need to stay on the Mediterranean diet for?
The writer probably:
What can be the result of the Mediterranean diet?
After the end of the story:
The writer thinks that:
What foods are part of the Mediterranean diet?
What happened before someone starts the Mediterranean Diet?
What provides healthy nutritious foods your body needs for energy?
Why does the Mediterranean diet help prevent cancer?
What issues does one have prior to starting the Mediterranean Diet?
Doctors probably believe that:
When did the Mediterranean Food pyramid start being used as the standard?
Why was the Mediterranean diet based on the diet of people in those countries?
What did the author find about the foods consumed while of the Mediterranean diet?
What is probably true about the Mediterranean Food Pyramid?
When did the author learn about the original food pyramid?
Why do doctors use the Mediterranean Food Pyramid?
Who has not accepted the fast food culture?
After trying the Mediterranean diet, how does the author probably feel about the countries that inspired the diet?
How long does it probably take to cook a healthy meal?
What is causing an obesity epidemic in the United States?
What is the author's favorite fruits to eat on the Mediterranean Diet?
Who is the narrator?
What issue is the author trying to address by promoting the Mediterranean diet?
After the end of this story, the United States probably:
How long did it probably take the author to try to the Mediterranean diet?
What is the most likely thing that the author feels someone who is obese should try?
What is most likely the author's job?
Who said "nobody wants to grow old"?
What do people assume about healthy food?
The article section is part of what?
What is probably true about the author?
The author believes that:
Health problems come:
How long does it take before a bad diet results in disease?
Why is obesity an epidemic?
What has been proven by numerous studies about the Mediterranean diet?
Why is the author concerned about people's food choices?
How healthy are people who east mostly convenience foods likely to be?
Why do people not want to follow a healthy diet?
What diet did research participants follow before they showed a reduce risk of disease?
What does the author think of healthy food?
After wining the article, the author is probably:
What will likely happen to those who continue to eat burgers and cheese fries?
Jonathan Swift's quote probably lasted:
What is the name of the diet?
What does the narrator probably think of dried foods?
What is most likely true about the author after this information is provided?
What don't you have to eat regularly in order to eat clean?
Why does the author recommend buying seasonal produce?
What field does the author most probably work in?
When does the author advise that adding super foods should occur after beginning clean eating?
After the story, what budget does the narrator probably have?
Why does the narrator say you should buy from a farmer?
What does the author seem to most probably believe about the availability of seasonal produce?
How much time does it take to shop for fresh produce?
What does the narrator probably think of growing your own food?
How long has the narrator probably eaten clean foods?
What other qualifications does the author possess that makes them an expert in the field of nutrition and clean eating?
What does the author say is comparable to eating on a budget?
What does the author note is a key factor in selecting produce when practicing clean eating?
When does the narrator buy certain produce?
What does the narrator probably like to do?
What does the narrator think of super foods?
When does the mind block out all other stimuli?
What does multitasking?
How does David Meyer view bipolar disorder?
Who runs two steps in one direction, three steps in another, and one step in the third
How does the professor at U of M know that multitasking doesn't work?
Why is the subconscious powerful?
After the end of this story, David Meyer probably still is
After this semester, what class will David Meyer teach?
What in the article is mentioned as becoming slower while multitasking?
When were the articles about multitasking published?
How long can someone multitask for before becoming stressed out?
What is probably true about David Meyer
What does David Meyer do for a living?
When will the next study on multitasking be published?
The time it takes for your subconscious to handle it lasted
David Meyer probably believes that
Where is the subconscious?
When does a person become less effective?
What event will cause success to be stressful?
Stress is inevitable. How can everyone deal with stress?
The narrator most likely believes that:
How long does it take to overcome stress?
What does taking a job that one does not enjoy do to the chances of experiencing burnout?
After experiencing burnout, someone probably:
Why will stress be detrimental to a person?
Stress is most beneficial when:
Overall, stress is an obstacle for whom?
Why do so many who achieve financial success not also achieve happiness?
Those who focus mainly on their career are probably:
Who is stress good for?
What impact does a large family having on someone's chances of experiencing burnout later in life?
Who is likely to experience more stress?
The work week of a person who experiences burnout probably lasts:
When did burnout occur in people who experienced it?
What do studies about stress find?
The author probably believes that what would probably help prevent burnout?
Who is concerned about the well-being of people?
The author's profession is probably:
When should you hide your emotions according to the author?
What will be the result of people not hiding their emotions probably?
After the story ends, probably:
What takes a lot of mental, physical and emotional energy?
What does the author think people need to do to lead a balanced and healthy life?
Who does the author think should hide their emotions?
What are the big three emotions people often try to hide most?
How long does it take to focus on well-being:
The author probably believes that:
After eating and exercising:
The author believes that:
Why, in addition to eating right and exercise, is accepting one's feelings required?
After how long of hiding emotions does one probably damage their health?
What is probably true about the author?
Who is one good example of a person that focuses their energy on well-being?
Why does the author think people shouldn't hide their emotions?
What does the author equate eating regular nutritious meals with?
Who is most likely to suffer from frenetic lifestyles?
The author probably believes in:
What will suffer in one's life along with physical well-being?
What does the author think about constantly pushing yourself?
Why do people lead frenetic lifestyles?
Why do healthy meals become a thing of the past?
What happens after constantly pushing yourself to take on more and more?
People who lead a frenetic lifestyle most likely:
A frenetic lifestyle likely lasts:
After awhile what will happen to those who continue a frenetic lifestyle?
When does a high-sugar, high-fat diet become the norm?
What bad effect does being busy bring?
What are some things one should make time for in their day?
After leading a frenetic lifestyle, people are properly
What does the normal diet become?
Why does a frenetic lifestyle lead to poor diet?
How much time do those who are living a frenetic lifestyle spend per day on self-care?
How long will the results from using detox products last?
Why did Veet want to convince Chinese women that body hair was unsightly?
What issue about detoxes does the author address?
How did Veet convince Chinese women that any body hair was unsightly?
After hearing that body hair is unsightly, Chinese women probably:
What does Veet do?
What does the author think about detox products?
What will be the likely result of marketers convincing people that they are full of toxins?
What toxins do detoxes get rid of?
What is probably true about marketing campaigns?
When people ask about detoxes how does the author feel?
Why did Reckitt Benckiser market that body hair is unsightly?
How long do detox results usually last?
What is a better alternative to detox kits?
The author believes that detox kits:
Who was the company that gave Chinese women a problem they had never had?
Where did the author read the article about Veet marketing Chinese women?
What does the author do when they see someone ask what the best detox to do is?
How long does it take the beautician to cut the writer's hair?
After the end of the story, the writer probably:
Who was having a conversation about grey hairs
Who didn't want the author to pluck grey hairs?
When did the narrator discovery that he had five grey hairs
A hair cut for the narrator probably lasts
The narrator believes that
Why was the hairdresser horrified that the writer plucked her grey hairs?
Why did the narrator's wife refuse to pluck hair
What is probably true about the narrator?
Who is the hairdresser?
When did the writer discover more than 5 grey hairs growing/
The author believes that:
What is probably the hairdresser's opinion of grey hair?
What did the narrator pull out
What does the writer probably think about others plucking grey hairs?
Who questioned whether plucking grey hairs will make you grow more grey hairs?
After the end of the story, the narrator is probably:
At the end of the competition someone will likely
BIOeffect probably lasts
What has the author been using for a week now
Where did BIOeffect first launch?
Who is the narrator?
After the end of this story, the narrator is probably
When did BIOEffect launch in Australia?
What is probably true of the narrator?
Why is Bioteffect giving products away?
How likely is Bioeffect to sell out when launched in Australia?
What is Bioeffect?
The narrator believes that
Why does BIOeffect work?
Melanie and Kym believe that
How long will it take for the product to launch in the US
Where id BIOeffect first launch?
What is it that is highly scientific?
Bioeffect was released in Iceland before it was next released in which country?
What issue did the author have that prevented her from posting a review in September?
What happened after the author received the products that kept them from writing their blog post?
What product is the author likely to buy next time they need a facial cleanser?
Where did Yoko find the ingredients for the Okoii products?
How long after the author was introduced to the products did she write the blog post?
What does she think of the creator of these products Yoko?
Why are the products not made until an order is placed?
How does the Luxury Rice Bran Face Soap probably feel on your face?
What is the most probable reason for trying Luxury Rice Bran Face Soap?
What is a benefit of Okoii products?
What event led to Yoko to creating her products?
Where is the companies owner, Yoko, originally from?
How law abiding is the author likely to be?
Who are Okoii products handmade by?
After placing an order with Okoii, what does Yoko probably do right away?
How long should you probably keep Luxury Rice Bran Face Soap in the fridge for?
When was she introduced to the handmade products from Okoii?
How does the author feel about using soap on her face now?
After this story, the writer probably:
This customer is likely:
The author most likely believes:
What kind of nail polish was purchased?
How long did the author likely consider this purchase?
What finally convinced the writer to buy the nail polishes?
Who most likely purchased the nail polish?
When did she buy the graphite nail polish?
The writer probably feels that:
What is probably true about the writer:
Why did the writer obtain a $30 voucher:
What occupation does the author have?
What does the writer think of Chanel Graphite nail polish?
How long did the writer argue with herself about whether to buy the Chanel nail polishes?
Who argued with them self for about a month on whether to get these polishes or not?
Why was the nail polish purchased?
The writer became interested in Graphite nail polish by Chanel:
After the purchase, the customer is likely:
When does Nalini get big pimples on their chin?
Who got the free Aphelia packs?
What does Nalini do for a living?
Where did she get the products from?
Nalini's journey with clear skin lasted:
When did the reviewer write this?
According to the reviewer, it feels good to hear from a variety of people about the skincare pack because:
Who had tried many products to fix acne without much luck?
Why did Nalini think that her acne would fade once she left her teens?
What type of products is Nalini likely to be familiar with?
Prior to this review there were probably:
How is the reviewer related to Nalini?
After the end of this story, Nalini is likely:
What does the author want to happen to her skin?
The author thinks that:
How long did it take for the samples to arrive?
What did Aphelia Cosmetology send?
Why doesn't she want to take medication?
What is the narrator's favorite color?
What did the narrator give herself
What is probably true about the narrator?
When did the narrator give himself a manicure?
How long does it probably take the author to apply one coat of polish?
Why doesn't the author like March 1st?
The manicure probably lasted
The author has probably:
How does giving themselves a manicure probably make the author feel?
What does the author like most about the nail polish?
When did the author paint her nails to cheer herself up?
Why did the narrator have the blues?
What school did the author get a PhD from?
Who gave herself a manicure?
The narrator believes that
What kind of summer attire is loved by the author?
After the end of the story, the narrator is probably feeling
After the story the author probably:
What other hobbies besides reading beauty blogs does she have?
Why is the blog preferred over magazines ?
How long does it take the author to correct written contents?
What event led to her inspiration for writing the post?
Who is the author?
What is most likely her job outside of reading blogs?
After the end of this story, the author is probably:
How does she probably feel about fashion blogs?
How does the author feel about magazines?
What is probably true about the author?
After finding errors in blogs, how does she probably feel about the author of the blog?
What issue does the author find satisfactory about blogs?
How long does it probably take her to give up reading an inaccurate grammar article?
when did the magazine addiction come to an end?
What did she find so annoying when reading magazines and blogs?
What issue does the main character have with magazines?
What is the one thing that the author finds unsatisfactory about beauty blogs?
When did she stop being addicted to magazines?
Selina probably believes that:
Why does Selina recommend using gentle cleansers over soap?
Who recommends using serum?
After the story ends, what do you think readers purchase?
Who is Selina?
What is probably true about Dermalogica?
What is probably true of the writer of the story?
Who from Beautystorm gave advice in the article regarding repairing sun damaged skin?
When should you use the facial mask?
Why should you not use an ordinary bar of soap to wash the face?
After the end of the story, Selina is probably
How long does a mud mask or facial mask probably have to be applied?
What effect does Australian sun have on the skin?
What do people with sun damaged skin reading this article probably think of facial creams?
When will fresh skin cells ready for treatment occur when cleansing skin?
How long does it probably take to use a facial mask?
What did the author say about the Australian sun?
What does Selina think will help repair redness and brown spots from skin?
John's wedding ceremony probably lasted
What did the therapist probably do after the author's massage?
What is probably true about John?
What is the author's occupation?
Who is Fred?
John believes that
Who gave the tired mom a massage?
How long did the author stay at the spa for the massage and facial?
Why did the therapist work mainly on the author's back?
After the end of this story, John is probably
What did John eat?
What did the therapist do with the hot stones?
When did the author get a massage and facial?
What will the in-laws think about getting the author in the future?
After the massage, the in-laws are probably:
When the ceremony was over, the guests left. John finished off the cake on his own.
Who ate the cake?
Why was Fred bored?
After joining Tinder, how does the author feel about the website?
What happens after you swipe left on Tinder?
What event led to the author using Tinder?
What issue does the author find with using Tinder?
What were the women on Tinder looking for?
Who has a handful of others on the hook?
The writer probably thinks that:
When can you message each other on Tinder?
Why was the writer using Tinder?
What is a universal truth on Tinder?
Who goes on Tinder?
After the end of the story, the writer is probably:
How does the author feel about married men pretending to be single on Tinder?
How long has the author probably been using online dating websites for?
The writer probably:
What is the most probable reason why the author joined Tinder?
How long was the writer using Tinder?
What is the author's favorite online dating website?
When did the author first experience a loss of sexual desire?
Who does the author have deep, intimate conversations with?
What is the author likely to do about her marriage going forward?
How did the author's husband feel after she told him about the affair?
Why did the author have an affair?
When did the author come to realize that her marriage was over?
What change did the author blame on her age?
What does the author think about making up with her husband probably?
How long ago did the author first experience a loss of sexual desire?
What is probably true about the author's spouse that she cheated on?
Who had an affair six or seven years ago?
What did the author feel she had needed that she never had?
Why did the author tell her husband about the first affair?
What did the author think about cheating on her spouse?
After the story is over, how much did the woman believe in divorce?
How long was it probably until the author divorces?
Why didn't the author know that she needed romance?
Why does the author feel she can't stay in the marriage?
Why was Emily Nagoski well known?
After writing this book, Dr. Nagoski became:
After the end of the story, Nagoski probably:
Who wrote the book "Come As You Are"?
What is probably true about the author of this text?
Dr. Nagoski thinks that:
Why do a majority of women have brakes that turn on according to the author?
How long has Dr. Nagoski taught for?
What is probably true about he author of this text?
What does Dr. Nagoski believe in?
When was the author told not to press the accelerator and the brakes at the same time?
What school did Dr Nagoski graduate from?
What did Dr. Nagoski write?
Who is a Ph.D. who wrote a book called, "Come As You Are?"
How long did it probably take the Emily Nagoski to write her book?
What has Nagoski found as far as correlation between stress and sexual desire?
How do people generally feel about Emily Nagoski's book Come as You are?
What happened after Emily Nagoski wrote her book?
How does Marco feel about the author?
What does the narrator probably do for fun?
Who is Marco?
When was the person driving told to make a stop?
How long did it probably take Marco to get to the roadside seller?
Who is Marco?
After the end of this story, the author is probably:
When did the narrator make Marco turn the truck?
What did the author intended to squeeze?
Where did the narrator and Marco probably go after the end of the story?
Why did marco object to buying the oranges?
What is probably true about the author?
Why did Marco have to make a turn back?
Who disapproved of buying the oranges?
Who wanted the clementines?
How long did it take Marco to make turn back to the truck?
Marco thought that the narrator was
What did the oranges taste like?
Who will probably visit the author sometime in the future?
What does the author think about eating in the region of Trento?
How long did it probably take the author to drive to visit her friends in Trento?
After visiting Trento, how does the author feel about the city?
When did the author last visit Trento?
After the end of the story, the author will probably:
What does the author probably like to do in their free time?
What is the capital of Trentino?
Why is the waiter disappointed at the author and her friends?
What is probably true about the author?
How does the author feel about the language of Trento?
Where did the author recommend for pit stops to Trento?
When did the author spend time visiting Rosa and Massimo?
What is the author's favorite type of cake?
Why are Bologna and Verona good pit stops for the author?
How long was the author's dinner in the region of Trento?
Who did the author visit last month?
Who enjoys eating portions of canederli?
Who was Aubrey?
After the end of this story, the Narrator is probably:
How does the author probably feel, while thinking about her grandmother?
Who was in a photo with a plane behind her?
Why was Grandmother Rosemary interviewed?
What did the grandmother make for the author in the beginning of the story?
What was Grandmother, Rosemary's dream?
Rosemary's job fixing war-torn planes probably lasted:
What is probably true about the author?
Why did the author's grandmother go to work in the sheet metal industry?
What is probably true about Rosemary?
The narrator believes that:
What happened to Rosemary when she was 28?
Who was Rosemary?
the author believes that:
Who remembers the picture of the grandmother in front of the plane?
When did the grandmother drop out of school?
For how long did the author's grandmother attend school, before dropping out to take care of her siblings?
After the author figured out how the testers were messing up the gnudi recipe, how did the author's gnudi probably turn out?
What does the author believe about the failed testers?
How many of the recipe testers probably tried to make the gnudi again after they found out what went wrong?
When does the author suggest to used the right type of ricotta?
How experienced are the testers in making Italian food?
What style of cooking is this recipe?
How long do you need to drain the spinach and ricotta?
Why is the right type of ricotta necessary when making gnudi?
How did the recipe testers probably feel about the gnudi recipe?
What is the gnudi compared to?
Who was new to the idea of buying ricotta from a deli?
After the author grilled the testers, what lesson did they learn?
Why did the gnudi dissolve into the water?
Where in Italy would gnudi be best made?
Who wrote a famous cookbook in 1891?
When is the proper ricotta made?
How long should Pellegrino Artusi's 1891 cookbook probably still be considered a credible source for cooking recipes?
Which state or country probably didn't have access to 'proper' ricotta?
The narrator believes that
How does Simona feel about the author's visit?
What is the author's job?
Why did the author travel to Florence?
Who was more interested in Simona's new puppy than the rose petals?
After the end of the story, the narrator is probably
The process of making rose petal jam probably lasted:
What is probably true about Simona Quirini?
What is the name of the B&B?
What did the author likely do after they returned home with buckets of corbezzoli?
When did the narrator fill a crate full of roses?
What is Canto del Maggio?
What did they do after picking the rose petals?
How long did the author work with the Armenian monks?
What is the narrator's job
What did the narrator make?
Who notes how lush the property is with fruit when she goes to Canto del Maggio?
How did the narrator make rose petal jam?
After the end of the story, the author will probably
How long did it take the author to cook and eat the borage?
Who is the vendor?
What is probably true about the author?
How had the author eaten borage in the past?
What is the author's favorite type of food?
When did the author take notice of borage as food?
What is true about the writer?
the writer believes that
The cooking probably took
after the passage, the writer probably
The writer learned you could use the flowers:
The author believes that the plants she bought
What did he eat?
Where is the author's home?
Why did he buy them?
Who told the author that the plants were borage?
Who bought the flowers?
What is probably true about the polpette?
Why did Anna continue answering the door?
When did Anna run away?
After they move to Torino, Anna's job is probably:
What is most likely true about the meatballs?
How long did Anna and Nicola probably know each other for before eloping?
Anna's grandmother does not believe Nicola is good for her because:
When did Anna and Nicola move to Torino?
Anna's marriage probably lasted:
What did Nicola do for work in Torino?
How well could Girolama cook?
What did Anna cook?
What dish of Anna's was passed down to the rest of the family?
Who tried to stop Anna and Nicola from being together?
Why did Anna and Nicola elope?
After the end of this story, Franca is probably:
Girolama believes that:
What has become the family recipe?
The narrator feels proud to live in Italy because
Where do castraure artichokes come from?
In the future, when will the author go to the market?
How long does agretti typically last at the market?
At the end of the story the narrator probably bought
What is probably true of the author?
When did the narrator see Monk's beard?
What is probably true about the narrator?
What does Frances Mayes probably think about agretti?
What is the narrator's profession?
Where did the narrator go?
Why does the author feel like a fresh arrival?
How long was the narrator probably at the market?
What is the author's profession?
Who says agretti is like spinach?
What isn't a common sight at the market?
When are cavolo nero found in the market?
Why would the narrator get up a little earlier?
Why did people start to avoid fruit?
The author believes that
What is probably true about the author?
How many of the researchers have diabetes?
What was thought to be bad?
Why are people eating more fruits again?
When did researchers discover eating a lot of fruit can reduce the risk of an aortic aneurysm?
How long does it take to develop diabetes off a poor diet?
Who discovered that eating a diet high in fruits could reduce the risk of aortic aneurysm?
What does drinking fruit do?
What does the author probably think?
When did the British Medical Journal publish a study?
At the end of this story the narrator probably
What is the reason people should eat their fruit and not drink it?
Who is Tim?
How long did it probably take the author to research this article?
What is probably true about the researchers?
After the end of the story, the researchers probably did what?
How many grams of protein per kilo does the author probably eat?
How accurate do top athletes probably think the recommended amount of protein is?
How do people know how much protein they should be consuming?
How long should athletes probably eat protein?
Who recommends always using protein supplements?
The American College of Sports Medicine believes that:
When does the author say that people should consume protein supplements?
How long of a workout does the author probably believe is enough to require protein supplementation?
The author of this article probably does what as a hobby?
When should sportspeople consider taking protein supplements?
Who says that protein supplements can't be dismissed altogether?
Who has proven in their research the amount of protein men and women should have per day?
After the end of the story, the author is probably:
Who does the high amount of protein consumed help?
Why does the author believe that not all people need to supplement their meals with extra protein supplements?
What is probably true about the author?
Who is the author?
After the article, what will sportspeople probably consume?
What were athletes given in an antioxidant study of 23 well trained female runners?
When does pain and soreness happen with exercise?
Why was a set training schedule used in a study of training performance of runners?
Who did a study mentioned in the text find had impaired important exercise training adaptations like insulin sensitivity?
What is a bad thing about daily exercise?
how long does the body need to repair?
After the story the researchers:
Trainers may believe that:
How long did it probably take the runners in the study of 23 athletes to run one mile?
Who had different drinks for a training study?
After the study on antioxidant supplements, the athletes involved probably:
why was the study extended?
Where did the subjects run at?
Who probably read the article on antioxidants in the European Journal of Sports Science?
What is probably true about the well trained female runners in the 3 week study in the article?
What do many people think causes muscle damage and fatigue in the body?
What is probably true about exercise?
The journal published results after:
What are the minerals that supplement users are likely to be exceeding the upper limit?
Who took the supplements?
For how long did researchers in the US look at mineral intake from food and supplements?
How long did the study probably last?
After the end of the story, the researchers probably are:
Why did research participants who took supplements realistically have higher nutrient levels than those who didn't?
Who reportedly takes some form of supplement in Australia?
What is probably true about patients from the trial with higher nutrient levels?
When did the author come to the conclusion that taking vitamin supplements did not offer much benefit to the people taking them?
What does the author believe about taking daily supplements?
What supplements are readers likely to buy after reading this post?
What is likely to be true about daily supplement users?
Who is the author?
What did the research participants ingest?
What did the author find after their recent blog post?
Why type of diet do supplement users eat?
The author probably believes that:
Why do reasonably healthy individuals take supplements?
The researchers probably believe that:
After the end of this story, the author probably believes that:
What is probably true about the author
What vitamin did the researchers note about the elderly people that gave them benefits?
Why do people take supplements?
Why were supplements studied?
How long or often are supplements expected to be taken?
How many people participated in the trials?
After the study medical professionals probably recommended that
What are supplements?
Who are those largely known for using supplements?
The clinical trials probably lasted
What is probably true about supplements?
Medical professionals probably believe that
Who does not generally benefit from supplements?
When were the results of the trials analyzed?
When are supplements mainly of assistance to people?
What effects did the scientists study?
Cooking raw fruits and vegetables, to maintain natural enzymes, should probably last for:
What microbes can cause food poisoning in fruits and vegetables?
Why doesn't raw food give the body access to more enzymes?
Why should a raw food diet be eaten?
What foods are would be found in a raw food diet?
Which is probably the most common microbe killed by cooking?
How long does it take to notice the benefits of a healthful diet?
What foods are high in nutrients?
Someone eating a raw food diet probably:
When food is cooked:
What is probably true about people who eat a raw food diet?
Which foods are high in nutrients and fibre?
After cooking vegetables, they are probably:
What is probably true about eating cooked foods?
What does heating foods kill?
The author believes that:
The author probably feels that:
Foods lose nutrients:
When was the study called PURE started?
After the end of the story, the author is probably:
After the end of the story, people involved with PURE studies probably:
How long did the study probably last?
the author probably believes that:
How long did the PURE study last?
Why did people die prematurely?
What probably is true of fad diets created after reading the PURE study?
Who found that global diets consisted of 61 percent energy coming from carbohydrates and 24 percent energy from fats?
Who was eating?
What is probably true about the PURE study?
What is probably true about the researchers?
According to the study, when do people die at a younger age?
What does the author think about the PURE study?
What did the PURE study monitor?
What did participants in the study eat?
Who is the author
Why was the attention of the media grabbed by the PURE study?
The writer would probably:
The Deakin University experiment probably lasted:
When, in the tasting panel, were the participants told to stop eating?
After eating foods high in salt most of their lives, how are people most likely to be (statistically speaking):
Who is most likely to prefer salty foods?
What is likely the job of the people who conducted the study at Deakin University?
Why are processed foods likely to be high in salt content?
Who conducted the tasting panel experiment?
What was the result of Deakin University's experiment?
Researchers believe that people that are most prone to overeat high calorie foods are likely:
What types of food were most appealing during studies?
The writer believes that:
Who has the most unhealthy food:
How often do people who are conditioned to prefer a calorie-dense diet probably eat high salt foods?
When were people MOST likely to overeat processed food due to a certain quality?
It is probably true that macaroni and cheese has:
Why did Deakin University recruit 8 healthy adults?
Who was tested during a food preference study at Deakin University?
After the end of the study, what did the participants probably do with their diets?
What were the results of a study restricting night time eating in the text given?
What kind of foods were participants eating a night?
When did the participants have to avoid eating or drinking any food or drink?
What is the most probable reason why the participants decided to join the trails?
Why is eating less at night important to health?
Who were the participants in the study?
What do people think probably can help a person lose weight?
What amount of calories did the participants in the study probably usually eat per day?
Why doesn't eating one meal at night solve world hunger issues?
How long did it probably take the participants to complete the trail on restricting eating at night?
How long did the people who performed the study probably sleep at night?
How does the participants probably feel about the study they went into?
After completing the study, how does the author feel about the results?
What issue did the author want to address with participants of the study?
What event led to the author's decision to do a study?
What is probably true about food consumed in excess by people?
When should people eat less if they are trying to lose weight?
Why did Congresswoman Nancy Pelosi admonish her Twitter followers to vote in a way that achieves unity?
At the end of the event, what is probably true of the President's "daily lack of civility?"
When was White House Press Secretary Sarah Sanders asked to leave the Red Hen restaurant?
Who referred to comments made by Maxine Waters as unacceptable while speaking with reporters?
How long did protesters stand yelling at Kirstjen Nielsen outside of the restaurant?
What does Sanders think about immigration policies of Trump?
How long did protester yell at Nielsen in the upscale Mexican Restaurant?
When did Sanders get asked to leave a Virginia restaurant?
After the end of the story Sanders probably:
How does Wilkinson feel about the Trump administration?
What is probably true about the restaurant owner of The VA restaurant Sanders had to leave?
Which political party does the owner of the Red Hen restaurant most likely believe is the one of compassion and cooperation?
What policy did Department of Homeland Security chief Kirstjen Nielsen openly support that led protesters to harass her while she dined at a Mexican restaurant?
Why were protesters angry at Nielsen who was at a Mexican restaurant?
What was the likely view of policy adviser Stephen Miller towards the policy of separating children from their parents at the border?
Who was called a fascist at a Mexican restaurant in D.C.?
What type of restaurant was Miller called fascist at?
What upscale Mexican restaurant did Kirstjen Nielsen visit?
After the end of the story President Trump is probably
What state is Republican Congressman Mark Sanford from?
When did Pres Trump call for a delay until the new house and senate were in place?
When are Republicans holding a vote on immigration?
Why would an immigration bill voted in by Republicans probably be defeated?
What does Trump think about Congress postponing an immigration policy vote?
What does the president probably feel about the bill
After the end of the story, how much confidence will Mark Sanford have in Trump regarding immigration reforms?
What did house republican leaders fail to get enough support for?
How does Congresswoman Ileana Ros-Lehtinen feel about President Trumps tweets?
How long did Harris speak at a detention facility with several mothers?
who would elect more senators and congressmen?
What probably happened to Mark Sanford after his criticism?
How long did it take to draft the bill?
What is probably true about when immigration reform will take place?
What is probably true of Bob Goodlatte?
Who urged Republicans to hold a vote next week on an immigration bill?
Why did the President want to wait for approval?
Who held up photos of slain victims of illegal immigrants?
After this story, the Angel Families probably still:
Who suggested those illegally in the United States commit more crimes on a statistical basis than citizens or resident aliens?
When did Trump sign an order to end separating children from their families while parents were being prosecuted?
When did the President sign an order stopping the separation of families caught crossing the border?
Where was VP Mike Pence on Friday during Trump's event?
What does CATO Institute probably think about the appearance of Angel Family members at Trump's speech?
Why did Trump sign an order to end his administration's practice of separation of children from their families while parents were being prosecuted?
What did President Trump think of the compliments from the Angel Families?
Why did President Trump execute a tactical retreat on immigration policy?
For how long did each Angel Family member probably speak at the Friday event?
Where did President Trump declare US Immigration Laws are the weakest in the history of the world?
The Angel Families probably believe that:
After the speech, what did recent critics of Trump's zero tolerance policy likely feel?
Where did Trump's Friday speech take place?
What kind of reception did the President get from the audience at Friday's event?
President Trump's vow to end Immigration Crisis will probably take:
What is probably true of the Angel Families?
How does Melania Trump feel about dressing fashionably?
What did Melania think she was doing by wearing the jacket?
What did Donald say the writing on Melania's jacket referred to?
Who did Washington bureau chief Susan page say had an audience of one in mind?
Why did the media focus on Melania's wardrobe?
Stephanie Grisham probably believes that:
What was controversial about Melania Trump's wardrobe choice?
When did Melania Trump wear the controversial jacket?
Why did Melania Trump wear the controversial jacket?
What is probably true about the news media?
How long did it take Donald Trump to make the tweet to explain about the Fake News Media?
who wore a jacket that was olive green with comments on the back?
What does Trump think about the news media?
After the news story, Melania's dress for public appearances will probably be:
After the end of the story, what does Melania Trump wear to visit children's charities?
The flight to the Texas facility probably took:
When did Melania Trump wear an olive green jacket?
What did immigrant children probably think Melania's jacket meant?
After what happened to the people who were allowed to be with their children?
What did Trump supporters feel after overturning the law?
When will parents be reunited with their parents at the border?
How will most democrats probably vote in the House of Representatives on the immigration bills?
Why is the House voting on an immigration bill?
How long were the 17 immigrants in Texas detained before misdemeanor charges were dropped?
What is the most probably reason for the family separations policy?
What did Bier think about the Zero immigration policy?
What is a policy area that Kirstjen Nielsen is responsible for?
What amount of children were detained from their parents at the border?
In private, how do those in Trump's family feel about the family separations?
When were the charges against the 17 immigrants in Brownsville, Texas dropped?
How long are children separated from their parents?
What did Trump think about people getting mad at his decision to separate children?
Who told the VOA that the purpose of the prosecutions was to separate families?
why did Trump reverse the immigration policy separating children from parents?
Who reversed immigration laws at the border?
How does David Bier feel about the separation of immigrant families?
What is probably true about Trump?
When did President  Trump's reversal of a policy of separating migrant families at the U.S.-Mexico border occur?
What does the president most probably think is a necessary step in fighting illegal immigration in the US?
When did the House of Representatives vote on a pair of immigration bills?
Gene Hamilton probably believes that
Who is Gene Hamilton a counselor for?
At the end of this story, Trump probably is:
Trump's rally probably lasted
Why did Trump defend his position at a rally?
What was the outcome of the vote on the pair of immigration bills mentioned in the text?
Following the end of the news event, it is most likely the case that:
Who defended his position at a political rally?
What did the executive order signed by the president do?
What did Trump think of his meeting with party leaders
Why did the president most likely sign the executive order reversing his policy on immigration?
Who claimed that the border would continue to be tough, despite the executive order?
Why was the President's policy characterized as inhumane?
How long after the executive order was signed did border patrol agents stop separating children from their parents?
How does the Trump administration feel about building a wall at the border?
How long was Trump's meeting with Republican lawmakers Tuesday?
Who is the Senate Majority Leader
What is probably true about House Homeland Security chairman Michael McCaul?
How long was the meeting on Tuesday?
Why does Trump want the bill to pass?
What percent of people say they support a policy that keeps families together at the border?
When did Trump hold the meeting?
What is the percent that support the policy?
What will Senate Majority leader Mitch McConnell communicate to Democrats about keeping families together at the border?
How will the bill's approval change after the end of the story?
Why is the House voting on legislation regarding immigration in the U.S.?
What will Trump do if the bill passes
Who told lawmakers they need to move quickly with immigration policies?
How does Trump feel about the bill?
What does Trump think about his bill?
after the end of the story, legislation regarding immigration:
When did Trump tell Republicans he supported their immigration bills?
When was the audio of screaming children actually recorded?
What is most probably the fate of Press Secretary Sarah Huckabee after the negative coverage?
What does President Trump most likely believe about the link between immigrants and  the US crime rate?
What is probably true of the support for 'zero tolerance' policy after the recording is released?
Where are the illegal immigrants being detained?
Secretary Kirstjen Nielsen is probably
How long were the children detained before a whistleblower likely passed on the recording?
Who was heard on the recording begging for her aunt to be called to pick her up?
What was the fate of the children heard crying in the recording?
How long were the immigrants held for?
Probublica probably feel that the treatment of the illegal immigrants
After ProPublica reported the mistreatment of the illegal immigrants, the adminstration's stance on immigration probably
What did Nielsen probably thinks that the law
What cause the adminstration to defend its current policy on detaining illegal immigrants?
Who defended the administrations zero-tolerance policy?
Why were 2,000 children sent to mass detention centers or foster care from mid-April to the end of May?
What policy did Kirstjen Nielsen claim US law enforcement was simply carrying out?
What happen when ProPublica published the recording of the crying children?
Why did Trump address people during the National Space Council meeting?
What led to family breakups in the U.S. in the article?
When did Trump talk about the U.S. not being a migrant camp?
After the end of this story, the children in the detention center probably are:
Why did Kristjen Nielson push back at negative media coverage?
How long was the White House briefing?
When did Press Secretary Sarah Sanders introduce Department of Homeland Security Secretary Kristjen Nielson?
How does Nielson feel about the negative media coverage?
Trump probably believes that:
What is probably true about Democrat Senator Tim Kaine?
What policy is Trump responsible for?
How long was Trumps' meeting at the National Space Council?
Who spoke during the National Space Council meeting about not being like Europe  with immigration?
After the end of the story Trump probably:
What did Trump do at his latest trip to his home in Mira Lago?
What does Trump think about illegal immigration?
Who defends Trump's 'zero-tolerance' policy?
What is probably true about Democrat Senator Tim Kaine?
What is probably true of Mike Pompeo?
After the summit, Trump will probably:
After the end of the Story Pompeo is probably
When was the president elated?
The summit probably lasted:
When did Trump announce he was suspending the drills on the Korean peninsula?
The author probably feels that:
When will the Treaty be finalized?
The Interviewer probably believes that:
Where did the author meet with Mike Pompeo after the summit?
What are Kim Jong Un's motivations in meeting with Trump?
Why were military drills being cancelled?
Who inked their names to a document with vague but compelling promises?
who knows as much about the situation as any American?
What is probably true about the interviewer
Where did Pompeo go to school?
Why did Pompeo say that it's a great day?
The interview probably lasted:
Donald Trump probably thinks that:
Who is going to get out of the war games?
When did President remark that U.S. participation in joint military exercises with South Korea is going to be suspended?
What condition did Trump say North Korea must meet before existing sanctions will be removed?
What would happen after the talks?
How long did the summit between the two leaders last?
How many prisoners of war and military members missing in action remains' are believed to still be in North Korea?
After the story donald trump is:
At the end of the summit, Trump most likely thinks that he is the first US Leader to:
What does Trump most likely believe Kim Jong Un will do following their meeting?
What called for both the US and North Korea to work together to build peace on the Korean Peninsula?
Why would they have follow up talks?
What was being suspended?
Where will the next summit be held?
How long was the news conference?
How likely is it that the signed document led to the any real change in North Korea's nuclear production?
What is probably true about President Trump
Why, according to a Pentagon spokesperson, was the move to suspend US military drills unsurprising to Jim Matthis?
When did Trump say, "We're going to denuke North Korea"?
How long did it probably take for the denuclearization document between the US and North Korea to be drafted?
Why did Trump say "We are going to get out of the war games that cost so much money."?
What kind of relationship do Trump and Un have?
How long did the U.S. and Korea negotiate for before they came to an agreement in Singapore?
How does Kim Jung Un probably feel about Trump?
After the end of the story, people in South Korea are probably:
What did Trump say about the size of North Korea's nuclear arsenal?
Who said that the agreement was not a result of ultimatums?
When will Kim Jong Un destroy any of his nuclear weapons
When is the next meeting between Trump and Un taking place?
What issue did VOA contributor Greta Van Susteren address?
What is probably true about VOA contributor Greta Van Susteren
What did Kin Jung Un think of his visit to Singapore?
How long did the meeting take?
Why did the two countries need to reach an agreement?
What is the author's opinion of Donald Trump
Where did the meeting that resulted in the agreement take place?
Who declined to reveal any details of the preliminary discussions being held Monday between U.S. and North Korean officials?
What happened before Trump addressed the media on Tuesday while Singapore?
Why was Indria kicked out of school?
How did Trump get to Singapore for the summit?
Trump probably believes that an agreement with North Korea was
How long wo uld it take for President Trump to fly back to Washington D. C.?
What did Trump think of his visit to France?  he enjoyed it
when did trump go yo paris?
After the end of this story, Macron probably
What foreign policy is Kushner responsible for?
The embraces probably lasted
The historian probably believes that
Who can be seen with the young and dashing leader of France?
Why are the sactions against North Korea still in place?
What is probably true about Macron?
What style of negotiations will U.S. Secretary of State Mike Pompeo probably be in support of with the North Koreans?
Where was the summitbeing held?
After story was published, the Trump adminstration will probably
How does Donald Trump feel about meeting with South Korea's head of state?
When did the G7 summit in Canada take place relative to Trump and Kim's meeting?
Why is Donald Trump meeting with Kim Jong Un?
How does Trump feel about the future of U.S.-North Korean relations?
When will the meeting between Donald Trump and Kim Jong Un take place?
Who is leading the U.S. delegation at the Trump-Kim summit?
How could the war between North and South Korea be ended after almost 70 years?
What is probably true about the outcome of the summit?
How does Kim Jong Un regard President Trump?
How long are pre-meeting negotiations between the two sides in Singapore expected to last?
After the end of this story, Kim Jong Un probably is:
Where is the summit being held?
What does Trump probably believe about the negotitations?
How is Trump viewing the prospect of the meeting?
Who is feeling 'very good' about the summit?
What group is foreign minister Choe Son-hui leading ahead of the summit?
How long will the meeting between Donald Trump and Kim Jong Un last?
What is the likely effect of the summit on relations between U.S. and North Korea?
What does Steffen Seibert personally think about allowing Russia re-join the G-8?
After leaving the summit, Trump probably went where?
What does Teresa May likely think about Trump's threat to place tariffs on foreign cars?
What is likely true of  President Trump's stance relative to that of the other nations following the summit?
What retaliatory measures did the EU impose on the US?
Where did Trudeau make his closing statement?
What led to Russia being thrown out of the group of G-7 nations?
Which of the world leaders promised to proceed with retaliatory measures on U.S. goods as early as July 1?
Why were Trudeau and May promising retaliatory actions against the US?
How does the leader of Russia most probably feel about rejoining the group of G-7 nations?
Who announced that Canada would retaliate against US tariffs?
How long did the summit of nations most probably last?
When did Macron accuse Trump of "incoherence and inconsistency"?
Based on the text, what does Trump most likely believe about the current tariffs among the nations?
When did British Prime Minister Theresa May pledge to retaliate against the US for tariffs on EU goods?
About how long after the summit did Trump tweet his criticism of Trudeau?
Why did Trudeau pledge to take action against US goods?
Through what media outlet did Trump suggest placing tariffs on imported autos?
Why did the President meet with Trudeau?
How long was the meeting between Trudeau and Trump?
Who met with Justin Trudeau?
What did Trump think about Emanuel Macron after meeting?
When did Trump describe the relationship with Canada as good and making progress?
What is probably true of Macron?
After the end of the story, how does Macron feel about the US
How long did the G-7 summit last?
After the end of this story, Trump probably is:
When did Pres Trump have a meeting with Trudeau
How does Pres Trump feel about the tariffs?
What policy was discussed jokingly at the bilateral meeting with Trudeau and Trump?
What did Trump and Trudeau criticise?
What is probably true about the relationship between US and Canada after Trump met with Canada's leader?
Who did Trump meet with and discuss the big trade deficit with Europe?
Why did Trump meet with Trudeau?
What does Trump think about Trudeau?
What happened to  the tarriffs
When did Donald Trump lash out at Justin Trudeau
The G7 Summit normally lasts
What does Donald Trump probably think of President Macron?
Where was the G-7 Summit held?
What position did Justin Trudeau's dad hold
What is probably true about Emmanuel Macron?
What does Trump think of Kim Jong Un?
After the end of the story, Donald Trump
What was probably true about France's relationship with the U.S. at the time
Where would the president travel directly from Canada?
Justin Trudeau believes the underlying issue between France, Canada and the United States is
After his comments on Twitter, Trump probably is
Who did Trudeau say would revise his position?
When did Trump urge the European Union and Canada to remove tariffs?
Why was the US threatened to be kicked out of the G-7 final statement
Why did Macron say that Trump "may not mind being isolated"?
How long did President Trump stay at the summit?
Who was the leader of France
Trump probably believes that:
After the end of the story, how does Trump feel toward the Eagles?
Why did Trump call the Tuesday afternoon gathering  on the White House South Lawn?
Why did Trump criticize America's champion football team?
After the end of this story, Sarah Sanders probably will:
What did Trump discuss at Tuesday's gathering?
Why were the Eagles mad at Trump?
What does Trump think about people who don't stand for the National Anthem?
Who did Trump disinvite from a celebration of their Super Bowl victory?
what is probaby true about the Eagles?
What did the Eagles team decide to do?
What did Trump think of having his party without the Eagles?
What did Trump think of Sarah Sanders?
Trump's extensive discussions with the team probably lasted:
How long did Trump take to discuss the party with the Eagles?
When did professional athletes refuse to stand for the National Anthem?
Who would not attend Trump's Tuesday gathering on the South Lawn?
What is probably true about Trump?
How long did it probably take for President Trump to send his latest tweet?
After this news story, law professor Susan Low Bloh is probably:
How long was the press conference that Sarah Sanders fielded questions in?
Who does Whittington say will have to assess whether a self-pardon is legally valid or falls outside of the legal pardoning power?
Why are Trump's comments viewed as unprecedented?
What did Trump accomplish with his statement that he could pardon himself?
When did President Trump declare he has an "absolute right" to pardon himself?
What do so some legal scholars feel about Trump's latest comments?
The law professor Susan Low Bloch probably thinks that:
After Sarah Sanders was asked about Trump's comments, what does she probably still believe?
What is Trump's position consistent with?
Where did law professor Susan Low Bloch testify on whether a president can indicted and tried while in office?
When did Trump declare he has an absolute right to be pardoned?
What Social Media does Trump probably use most frequently?
What is probably true about Sarah Sanders?
Who told VOA news that no president has ever tried to pardon himself?
Law professor Andrew Koppleman probably feels that:
Why does Boch say it's a bad idea for Trump to pursue a pardon?
Who would begin the process?
How long will it take for every nuclear weapon to leave North Korea?
Why is there a sense that Trump and Kim Jong Un have a clear idea of the deal they ultimately want to strike?
What is probably true of the general?
Where will the first time people have put their "cards on the table" occur?
Who delivered a letter from Kim Jong Un to the White House.
Trump probably did not serve food.
How long did Trump meet with the second most powerful man in North Korea?
After the summit meeting the public in America will likely "roast" Trump.
Trump feels that a deal can be made but it might be slow in coming forth.
After the end of the story where will the general be?
How long would would the negotiations over the Singapore summit take?
When would the Singapore summit occur?
Where was the summit to occur?
Why did Pres Trump say nothing would be signed on June 12th?
What is the most likely thing Pres Trump thinks will occur?
What did Pres Trump think of Choi's letter?
When was Kim Yong Chol under US sanctions?
Why did Johnson believe that the airstrikes would not defeat the insurgents?
When did the war in Afghanistan begin?
Who issued the strategy for the US military?
Why is the US putting airstrikes on Afghanistan?
What does the author believe about the airstrikes
How long did Johnson's interview probably take
What does Trump think of Afghanistan?
What is the AAF responsible for?
How long do airstrikes last from US to Afghanistan?
When did the US drop more bombs on Afghanistan than in the past?
What country is Trump putting more airstrikes in for 2018?
What is probably true of President Trump?
What will Afghanistan probably due to the US due to airstrikes?
Who thinks the airstrikes on Afghanistan aren't necessarily helping?
What does Pres Trump believe about the insurgent attacks?
What did trump do to communicate his disgust at Afghanistan?
What is probably true of Trump?
After the end of the story, Johnson is probably
When did Miguel Diaz-Canel get elected?
Why was Diaz-Canel elected?
The guerrilla movement that overthrew the dictatorship probably lasted:
Who took over the country in 1959?
Who did Diaz-Canel say Cuba needed?
What does Diaz-Canel think of Fidel Castro?
What is probably true about Diaz-Canel?
What is probably true about Fidel Castro?
What did Miguel Diaz-Canel think of Fidel Castro?
When did Diaz-Canel go into office?
Diaz-Canel probably thinks that:
Why is the Cuban economy weaker than in 1985?
What party is Raul Castro a part of?
:After the end of the story, Diaz-Canel is probably:
After the end of this story, Miguel Diaz-Canel is probably
Who was just elected President of Cuba
Miguel Diaz-Canel believes that
Raul Castro's administration as President probably lasted
What is probably true about the online campaign to discredit Comey?
When did Comey write his book?
What is one reason that Robert Mueller was appointed to be responsible for the Russia investigation?
Why did the Republican National Committee set up the website lyincomey.com?
What does Comey probably believe about the relationship between the FBI and the president?
What platform did Trump use to call for Comey's prosecution?
What does Mueller probably think of Trump's firing of Comey?
What is Mueller responsible for?
The members of the Republican National Committee probably:
A month after the release of Comey's book, Trump probably:
What does Comey think of Mueller?
Whose 'great honor' was it to fire Comey?
How long did Comey work as director of the FBI?
What was the main finding of the completed Russia investigation?
When was Robert Mueller appointed to head the Russia investigation?
After the end of this story, Mueller is probably still
Who is the main target of criticism in Comey's book?
How long was the publicity campaign for Comey's book?
What  do you do when there is no appropriate pronoun situation
Where has the Trump administration authorized airstrikes for its current war?
What did Syria think about the targets from the U.S.?
After the end of the story, the US
What is probably true about U.S. lawmakers?
Trump probably believes that:
How long has the Congress been concerned about the Sept 11, 2001 attacks?
After the end of the story, how many in Congress are still upset about Sept 11, 2001 attacks?
The attacks would probably last
How does Jim Mattis feel about the possible attack?
When did congress authorize air strikes on islamic militants?
What did Jim Mattis promise?
Who will keep open lines of communication at the House Armed Services Committee?
What did Pres Trump think about the possible air strike on syria?
When will the Pentagon tell Congress about military action in Syria?
What is probably true of Pres Trump
Why will the U.S. launch smart missiles soon?
Why were missiles to be launched at Syria?
What will Foreign Minister Julie Bishop do if another attack is placed on Ghouta?
Who did Trump speak with about a response to the attack
Where has the US blamed Assad's forces for the attack in?
What is probably true about Trumps thoughts about Iran and Russia?
When did Russia discuss parties refraining from acting against Syria?
What is probably true about Trump
At the end of the story, Macron probably is
How long will most people who were exposed to chemical weapons suffer?
The toxic gas attack probably lasted
When did Trump threaten a coordinated response?
Why does Russia say to refrain from actions to destabilize the Syrian region?
What country is Emmanuel Macron President of?
What did the WHO do after discovering 500 people sought treatment for toxic chemical exposure?
Why did Trump blame Iran and Russia?
Trump probably believes that
What does Trump believe about Syria?
What did Trump think of the gas attack?
Who is an ally of Bashar al-Assad?
What country did Trump send the message via sanctions that efforts to undermine democracy in the west won't be tolerated?
What people were targeted by the sanctions?
What does Sanders think about Russia?
What does Putin think about the sanctions the US put on Russia?
What is probably true about the oligarch of Russia?
What did Putin do after hearing the sanctions the US imposed?
When will those sanctioned in Russia be affected from doing business with the US?
After the end of this story, Russia probably:
Who is the Russian President?
Who thinks the move to sanction Russia was the strongest action taken by Trump's administration?
What is probably true about Russia?
How long did the White House sanctions against Russia announcement take?
Lawmakers probably feel:
The White House briefing probably lasted:
Why are people in the U.S. barred from doing business with certain Russian oligarchs?
After the end of the story, Trump probably:
When did certain Russians have their assets blocked in the U.S.?
Why did Trump place sanctions on Russia?
Why will a trade war start?
China probably believes that:
who can't afford to give up technology?
What is the cost of US intellectual property theft?
Why does Kudlow believe the Chinese are stealing the guts of our future?
The tariffs when enacted probably lasted
what is probably true about the Chinese
What does China think of our technology?
A cyber attack will probably last:
When would you team up with a Chinese company?
Who complains about Chinese theft of US intellectual property?
At the end of this story Trump is probably:
What happened after Chinese information thefts?
What is probably true about the Chinese
What does Kudlow probably believe
After the end of the story, Trump probably
what could start a trade war?
What did Trump think about the chinese?
After the end of the story how does Mexico feel toward U.S?
What does Trump think about Mexico relations?
Why was Trump finalizing plans?
How long would it take Pres Trump to fly to Peru
What does Nieto believe?
When was the summit held?
After the end of the story, will Pres Trump probably meet with the Venezuelan Pres
how long does Trump work on immigration?
What happened to NAFTA after the summit?
Where is there to be a border wall
Who will attend from Mexico?
Why was the president not expected to meet with Nieto?
What is probably true of Nieto
How does trump feel toward NAFTA?
When is the two day summit in Peru?
Who is finalizing plans to send the military to the U.S. and Mexico border?
What agreement is Trump threatening to withdraw from?
Who likes Trump's policy on immigration?
How long did it likely take from the time the proclamation was signed to actually send the troops to the border?
What do the National Guard members think about being armed at the border?
How many states declined to approve the decision to send troops to the southern border?
After the end of the story how will illegal immigration change?
Who said the national guard will help with border surveillance?
Why did Trump to send the National Guard to the border of US and Mexico?
What functions are members on active duty in the US military generally not permitted to carry out?
When can the National Guard be deployed to the border of US and Mexico?
What is probably true about how the Department of Homeland Security feels about sending National Guard members?
What does the Trump administration likely believe about how states feel about the deployment of troops to the southern border?
Where will Trump send the National Guard to protect the US from drug smuggling?
When can National Guard troops be deployed to the southern border?
What does Trump believe about sending the National Guard to the border?
Why did a senior Trump official claim that it would be an bad investment now for people looking to enter the US to pay a smuggler to gain entry?
After this news event, it is most likely true that National Guard troops:
Assuming that the National guard troops were sent to the border, what is the likelihood that they were armed?
Who declined to answer how many troops would be sent to the border?
How long will it take for the states to approve National Guard members to go to the border?
After the end of the story how does the farmer probably feel?
How do farmers feel about voting for Pres Trump after the threat of tariffs on Chinese imports
After the ban, How will farmers view Trump?
Why did Trump ban Chinese imports?
what does William Zarit believe?
What is probably true about Beijing?
how does Randy Poskin feel about Trump?
What did Zarit personally feel about the issues with the Chinese
What will happen to American Economy?
Why were the tariffs enacted
Who made a statement to the VOA?
What did Trump ban?
How long did it take to enact the tariffs?
What is it that farmers are afraid of?
What tariffs is Pres Trump responsible for?
how long has the ban lasted?
What does Pres Trump probably believe about the chinese
When did Randy's fear heighten?
How does Tillerson  feel about Trump?
After the firing, how will people see trump?
who was negotiating with North Korean leader?
What must have made Trump fire Tillerson?
Why did Trump fire Tillerson ?
Why did Tillerson call Trump a moron?
How long after Trump fired Tillerson, did he explain why?
Who did Trump say Tillerson was wasting his time negotiating with?
What did Tillerson say Trump should not pull out of?
what did Tillerson think of his firing?
When did Tillerson learn of his termination?
When did Tillerson call Trump a moron?
What is probably true about Tillerson?
After the end of the story, Tillerson probably is
Where did Tillerson learn of his firing?
Why did Trump wait so long to fire Tillerson?
What was trump probably wearing during the time he was addressing the press?
How long did the disagreement between them last?
Sarah Sanders probably believes
How long was Trump's White House meeting with U.S. Governors?
What Chinese policy does the White House think is none of their business?
Who can be seen giving the press briefing about China's decision
Why did China remove its term limit policy?
How does North Korea feel about Donald Trump and Xi Jinping negotiating with each other?
Who praised Xi?
What did Xi Jingping think of the new policy?
When did Trump tone down his criticism over China's trade policies.
What is Sophie Richardson in charge of at the Human Rights Campaign?
Sarah Sander's press briefing probably lasted
Why does Xi Jinping want to abolish term limits in China?
What is probably true about Sophie Richardson?
How does Sophie Richardson feel about Communism?
When did Sarah Sanders give her statement about China
What does Sophie Richardson likely think about Donald Trump's policies regarding China?
After the end of the story, Xi probably is
Why did Trump's stance on China change after the election?
After the end of this story, Trump probably is:
Who said Canada has "treated us very, very unfairly?"
What does Trump think of the NAFTA
After the meeting between Trump and lawmakers, Trump probably still feels that
When was trade a major topic of discussion for Trump?
Mike Pence probably believes that:
When did President Trump talk about tariffs on steel?
What examines the national security impacts of steel and aluminum imports?
Why did lawmakers urge Trump to be cautious?
Where did the US Commerce Department send a report?
Trump met with US lawmakers for how long?
Why is Trump considering tariffs, quotas, and retaliatory takes on steel and aluminum imports?
Who has avoided taking any major steps about trade?
What does Trump think about the bipartisan lawmakers?
What is probably true about the discussion between Trump and bipartisan lawmakers?
The discussion probably lasted:
How does Pence feel about the US-South Korea deal?
After the trade discussion Trump is most likely doing what?
After the end of the story
Who said the proposal doesn't mean that all approved funds must be spent?
Why doe the military need money?
When did President Trump call for cuts to domestic programs?
When was the military taken care of?
How long did the briefing last?
At the end of the story Trump is:
How does President Trump feel about the budget request?
who would not have supported the bill?
Why did Democrats not like the plan?
What is probably true about President Trump
What is probably true of Pelosi?
Mulvany probably thinks that:
Why was the document issued?
What is the budget request for?
What is probably true about the military
How long did it take to get a funded budget proposal?
What gave the pentagon a record high budget?
What issues needed to be address before the Democratic memo could be released?
Why was Rep. Steny Hoyer protesting the blockage of the Democratic memo?
What did President Trump do Friday night after he decided to declassify the memo?
Who said Trump's February 2nd memo was "one-sided and misleading"?
After all is said and done Carter Page:
When did Rep. Steny Hoyer release a statement regarding Donald Trump's decision to block the memo?
What is in the Democratic rebuttal memo the Republicans don's want the American people to see?
After the Democratic memo was blocked, how did Devin Nunes feel about it?
When does Trump have to approve the Democratic rebuttal memo?
How long did it take President Donald Trump to authorize the release of the Republican version of the memo?
The Democrats think the Republicans are:
What group of employees did the president make a available to help the Democrats?
What did the Republican memo state that everyone was talking about?
Why does McGahn ask for revisions before the document is published?
How long will it take the Democrats to revise their copy if they decided to just do it?
What is the most probable reason President Donald Trump blocked the Democratic memo?
What kind of attitude does McGahn  seem to have about the advice he gave Democrats:
How does Don McGahn feel about the memo sent by the Republicans?
What is likely true about Trump?
What is Senator Ben Cardin a critic of?
What type of attacks have occured in Kabul?
What type of training does General John Nicholson have?
Why is the South Asia strategy exhibiting signs of success?
Who thinks the security situation is worrisome?
Who is the U.S. Deputy Secretary of State?
At the end of this story, Trump is probably:
How long was the Senate's impatience apparent?
After the end of the story, what will General John Nicholson try to achieve in the next years with Afghanistan?
What is probably true about General John Nicholson?
Why does Sullivan think the President is having successes in South Asia?
John Nicholson thinks that:
When did Nicholson acknowledge the conflict in Afghanistan as a stalemate?
How long has General John Nicholson been in the armed forces?
When did lawmakers ask for more information?
What does Congress think about the Afghan war?
How did administration officials feel about being questioned by the lawmakers.
When were the migrant children lost?
Democratic Senator Heidi Heitkamp probably feels?
The adult sponsors who were expected to care for children probably feel
Where did the children come from?
The children's journey probably took:
The most probable reason for losing the children was:
Which person was put into office by the people of Ohio State?
The department of Homeland Security has probably been working on this for how long?
The federal agency probably feels:
Why is the Department of Homeland Security and HHS expected to deliver a time frame before Monday?
Which agency placed the children with sponsors?
It probably took how long to realize the children were misplaced?
In the future the agency will probably:
What happened after the children were taken into custody?
What department is responsible for protecting the children?
After Monday the Department of Homeland Security will probably be
The migrant children that are missing are probably
Why did the children come to the U.S.?
Who did Trump on Twitter say should be prosecuted?
After the story ends, Comey probably:
Who did Trump fire from the FBI in 2017?
How long did it take Comey to write a book blasting Trump?
Who did Trump try to pressure regarding the Russian election?
How long did it take for Comey to write his book?
Why did Trump fire Comey?
What is probably true about Trump?
What did Trump probably think about Comey's book?
What department was Comey responsible for?
Why do Democrats think Comey get fired by Trump?
After the end of this story, Trump is probably:
In what state did James Comey get married?
Trump probably believes that:
When did Trump blast former FBI director James Comey?
When did Comey write his book?
What is probably true about Mueller?
Comey probably believes that:
The alleged affair happened how long ago?
Why did Trump pay Daniels $130,000?
What kind of car does Michael Cohen probably drive?
Who was with Stormy Daniels on her way to the fitness class?
Stormy Daniels probably believes that:
What does Daniels think of her claims?
When did Daniels make the accusations?
Stormy Daniel's fitness class probably lasted
Who has denied the accusations?
After this article, Trump probably still:
When did Stormy Daniel's have an affair with Donald Trump?
Who paid the hush money?
Why did Cohen pay the $130,000?
Who consistently denied the accusations?
Why did Daniels come forward with her accusations?
What is probably true about Raj Shah?
After the end of the story, Donald Trump probably is
The author most likely believes that:
How does Michael Kelly feel about the church?
The pastor's speech probably lasted:
After the shooting, Frank Pomery probably is
Who was a southern baptist?
Why did Kelley decline to make more statements?
Who would decide what happens to theFirst Baptist Church?
Where was the new Sandy Hook Elementary School built?
What is probably true of the gunman?
How long did it take the southern baptists to make a decision?
What does Frank Pomeroy think about Michael Kelley?
Pomeroy probably believes that
What happened after the incident?
Why did Michael refuse to comment further?
When did the Sandy Hook Elementary mass shooting take place?
After the end of the story, Kelley probably
What denomination did pomeroy belong to?
What type of story did the news stations probably report?
What did Frank Pomery tell leaders of the Southern Baptist Convention?
What is most probably the case regarding why Trump did not make payment to the adult star directly?
Why did Trump say he paid Cohen?
What does the majority of the public probably think happened with Cohen?
How long did the affair, if true, between Trump and the adult film star most likely continue?
What property grew to more than $20 million from $14 million?
After the end of this story, Trump will probably:
When, according to the Office of Government Ethics, should Trump have disclosed the over $100,000 payment to Michael Cohen?
What did the Office of Government Ethics say that the reimbursement payment to Cohen constituted?
When did Trump file his annual financial disclosure?
What does Trump likely believe about resolving false or extortionist claims?
At the end of the story, what is likely true about the adult film star who received the payment?
What is probably true about the financial disclosure?
Why did Trump file an annual financial disclosure form with the Office of Government Ethics?
In how many previous years did Trump's golf courses report losses?
According to the text, whom did the adult film star claim had an affair with Trump ten years earlier?
Who was paid to stay quiet about a sexual tryst?
How does Trump feel about his upcoming visit to Britain?
How long does Trump probably play golf without resting?
Who did lawyers say the president reimbursed lawyers for money paid to?
How long did it probably take for the Office of Government Ethics to investigate:
After the end of this story, Micheal Cohen probably is
Who said that the information Trump provided in his financial forms met the requirements?
Trump probably feels how about being accused of sexual misconduct?
Why would Trump reimburse his lawyers?
After Trump gets accused of paying off someone to keep quiet, what does Trump think about paying someone off in the future?
What is probably true about Trump reporting his payment to Cohen?
When did Trump disclose that he reimbursed his lawyer $100,000 for unspecified expenses?
Who is Rudy Giuliani?
What is probably true about Stormy Daniels?
What is Rod Rosenstein's favorite food?
What did the Ethics Committee think of Trumps monetary reports?
When did Trump reimburse Cohen for his payment to Daniels?
Donald Trump probably believes that:
How long ago did Trump probably pay Cohen 130,000?
What did trump deny after recently confirming reimbursing Cohen?
Why are critics accusing Trump of a violation?
When did Desmond Meade get his law degree?
What is probably true about Meade?
When did Desmond Meade get out of prison?
Meade thinks that:
What drug was involved in Desmond Meade's case?
How long will it take to vote on the ballot:
Whose application to regain his civil rights was rejected in 2011?
How long has Meade been married:
How much time had Desmond Meade already served when he was released from prison?
Why did Meade lose his civil rights?
What is probably true about the lesser charge in Desmond Meade's case?
After the ballot initiative is voted on Meade will:
Who got a law degree?
Desmond Meade probably believes that:
Where was Desmond Meade convicted?
After successful passage of the ballot initiative, Desmond Meade:
What is Meade promoting to change the situation.
Why was Desmond Meade's prison sentence shortened?
why was GoDaddy shut down?
what does Kristen Clarke think of GoDaddy ?
Who is GoDaddy
When did GoDaddy shut altright.com?
Who will take action:
When was altright.com shut down?
What is probably true about GoDaddy?
who shut altright.com down
How long has altright.com been spreading hate?
The narrator probably believes that:
after shutting down altright.com, what does GoDaddy  believe?
what is probably true about Kristen Clarke?
What does GoDaddy probably believe?
After the end of this story, GoDaddy is:
How powerful is the hate crime crisis online?
How long has the hate crime crisis lasted:
What organization filed a complaint with GoDaddy last month?
Why did GoDaddy shutdown altright.com?
When will the questions be asked of Trump?
What did Pres Trump think about collusion allegations?
Why were the questions compiled?
the investigation will last for:
Eric Jasso believes that:
How does Muller feel about the investigation
Who will ask pointed questions?
Why is Trump in so much Trouble?
Who thinks the list of questions for trump are a joke?
What did Jaso think of the questions?
What type of questions did the special counsel propose to answer?
How long was Comey in FBI director?
What will each question tend to entail?
After the end of the story the president:
After the end of the story, Pres Trump is probably
What is probably true about trump?
When did Pres Trump fire Flynn and Comey?
Why was the special counsel asking questions?
Why does Paul Ryan oppose the legislation?
The Mueller investigation probably began:
What would the legislation do?
How does Pres Trump feel about the FBI's invasion of his attorney's home?
After the story, Mueller is probably?
What does Pres Trump think of Mueller?
What is probably true about those supporting the bill?
When was the legislation introduced?
Who is conducting the investigation of Russian interference?
What happened before Pres Trump was on Fox and Friends?
Who was the lawyer that had his home raided?
Why is Trump likely critical of the raid on his personal lawyer's office?
What do the Democratic senators most likely think?
After passing the Senate Judiciary Committee, the legislation probably
How long did it take to enact the bill protecting the SC from arbitrary dismissal?
Why did Pres Trump want the probe dismissed?
Who is Mueller?
Why was Trump critical of the FBI?
Why did the modern militia movement begin to surge in the 1990s?
how do militia groups feel about Donald Trump?
What is probably true about Mark Pitcavage?
after the election of donald trump, how will anti-government groups react?
how many more attacks on immigrants in the US will there be over the next 4 years?
What does Trump think of the modern militia movement?
For how long has the modern militia movement been on the rise?
Which anti government group does not believe in paying taxes and that they should be able to decide which laws to follow?
when did the modern militia movement gain traction?
After the end of the story, anti government groups probably are:
Preppers probably believe that:
When did the number of anti government groups in the US reach its peak?
Who's plan was foiled?
what is probably true about anti-government groups?
What lifestyle do the people know as survivalists take on?
how long have anti-government groups been increasing?
why have militia members turned their anger towards Muslims and immigrants?
what are survivalists?
Who was the first client of Michael Cohen
Where does Hannity represent the media?
When did Fox News become aware of Sean Hannity's relationship with Michael Cohen?
Why did Sean Hannity say he spoke to Cohen?
How long has Cohen represented Trump?
Will this revelation change Fox News viewers' opinion of Sean Hannity
Who is under investigation for his business dealings?
When did FBI agents seize documents from Cohen?
What did Trump think about Fox News?
What is probably true about Cohen?
What is probably true of Sean Hannity?
How long was the meeting between Fox News and Hannity?
Why was the disclosure about Hannity revealed?
How does Hannity feel about the revelation of his relationship with Cohen
Where did the court hearing occur?
How does Hannity feel about his relationship with Cohen being exposed?
After the end of the story Hannity probably does what?
Who is President Trump's longtime lawyer?
How long was Trump in Duluth?
What does the investigative journalist group ProPublica think about separating children from their parents?
Trump's rally probably lasted
Who is likely to win most seats at the midterm congressional elections in November?
What state does the Democratic Congressman Elijah Cummings represent?
What is probably true about the crowds who attend Trump's rallies
What is probably true about Laura Bush?
Who said that we are going to keep families together?
Why did Trump decide to back away from the controversial policy?
When did the president reverse his policy of separating children from their parents
Who reversed a policy on separating families
What did Trump think about his rally in Duluth
When did Trump reverse a policy of separating families?
Elijah Cummings probably believes
At the end of the story, Elijah Cummings probably is
What is probably true of the enthusiastic crowd in Duluth after Trump's speech?
Why did Trump reverse his decision on separating families
Where is Elijah Cummings a Congressman from?
When did Trump launch an attack on the Russia probe?
When did the media frenzy occur?
Why was there are media frenzy outside the white house?
The investigation probably lasted:
Where did the media frenzy occur?
Where did the media frenzy occur on Friday?
How does President Trump feel about the investigation?
Who was the FBI Director?
Who launched an attack on the Russia probe?
What does Trump think about the Russia probe?
How does Trump feel about his decision to attack?
At the end of the story, who is going to continue to be under investigation?
How long did it probably take for Trump to address the media?
What does Trump think of Kim Jong Un?
What did Trump think of Kim Jong Un?
What is true about Schumer?
Why was there a media frenzy at the White House on Friday?
At the end of the story, Trump probably:
What happened right after the summit in Singapore?
Why did  Trump and Kim Jong Un meet in Singapore
What is probably true about Trump's relationship with Kim Jong Un?
How does Greta Van Sustern probably feel about the out come of the summit?
When did Trump talk with Greta Van Susteren?
After the article was published, Trump probably felt
How long was the summit?
Why did Trump said the people were going to be very impressed?
What does the narrator feel about the agreement?
What agreement did Trump and Kim Jong Un sign in Singapore?
The actual time it took to sign the treaty once both parties were there was probably:
After the end of this story, Trump is probably:
Where was the summit being held?
What did Trump think people are going to be about this denuclearization of North Korea agreement?
The summit was in what type of country?
Who is going to take care of a very big and very dangerous problem for the world?
President Trump probably believes that:
Who looked to turn around his often weak polls and bolster his political standing at home.
Trump probably believes that:
Why does Pres Trump believe all our progress is at stake in 2020?
Why has Trump been testing new campaign themes?
When are the congressional midterms Trump is concerned about?
How long did the washington conference last?
Where did Trump state "Our new slogan for 2020. Do you know what it is? Keep America great!"?
Where did democrats speak about the party's future?
How does Pres Trump feel about the 2020 elections
What slogan with Donald Trump probably prefer to use for his 2020 campaign?
Trump's team probably begins planning their campaign how long before the election?
When will Pres Trump begin campaigning for 2020?
Who is Warren referring to when she says, "We can't climb that hill by ignoring the millions of Americans..."
What is probably true about Elizabeth Warren?
The democrats probably believe
At the end of the story, Trump probably is:
After the end of the story, Pres Trump will
What is probably true about Sanders?
Who is not expected to campaign for presidential election?
What is the name of Trump's lawyer?
When did Trump announce on Twitter he would meet up with Kim Jong Un?
What action has Kim Jong Un likely performed in the past?
President Trump likely believes that meeting with Kim Jong Un:
What is probably true about the Americans released from North Korea
The meeting with the Americans released probably lasted:
Why did President Trump's approval rating increase in the narrative?
What does Trump think of the possibility of meeting with Kim Jong Un?
Where were the three Americans mentioned in the story held prisoner at?
What does Donald Trump feel regarding the Stormy Daniels drama?
The meeting between Kim Jong Un and President Trump would likely take:
What is likely true about President Trump?
Trump likely believes after meeting with Kim Jong Un:
After the end of this story, Trump will likely
Who's White House career had caused drama in this story?
When did Donald Trump and the Americans meet?
Why did Donald Trump meet with the Americans?
Who is expected to meet up with the leader of North Korea?
The rally in Washington probably lasted:
When do most presidential party's congressional seats get lost?
What does Trump think of the rallies he held?
After the end of this story, Republicans probably will still control:
When will the Senate be elected?
Where does the president's party usually lose seats?
Why did Donald Trump ask his supporters to not pay attention to Democrats?
Who told their supporters to not pay attention to Democrats?
What did Trump think of his approval rating?
Trump's current presidency will last:
Trump probably believes that:
Who has Trump turned up the heat on?
What does Donald Trump feel regarding Democrats?
What is probably true about Trump?
What website's analysts are a key indicator of party strength?
Why was RealClearPolitics involved?
After the end of this story, did Trump probably:
What is probably true about Trump?
When did Trump make the statement about a witch hunt?
Why did Trump meet with Merkel?
Why was Trump eager to hear the findings of the reports about his campaign and Russia?
What does Schiff think about the Republicans report on collusion?
What was Trump referring to when he commented about a "witch hunt".
When did Trump become president?
What report was the Republicans on the House Intelligence Committee sharing as Trump had an Oval Office photo opportunity?
How did Merkel fee about Trump's comments about no collusion with Russia?
Why did Trump believe Macron was going to be a great president?
What was Trump's comment about the Republicans findings?
How long was Trump's meeting with Merkel?
Why did Schiff criticize the Republican conclusions?
How do the Trump campaign officials feel after getting the Republican report on collusion?
Who did Trump meet with on Friday?
Who did Trump believe was going to be a great president?
The oval office photo opportunity probably lasted:
After the story is ended Trump will probably:
What does Adam Schiff probably think about the Republicans finding of "no collusion".
How long has the investigation been proceeding into Russia?
How does the author probably feel about the Trump Cohen relationship?
Whom has the president hired to replace Michael Cohen as his personal attorney?
What does President Trump think of french president Macron?
When was President Trump asked about Michael Cohen?
At the end of the event, what is most likely true about whom is heading the investigation?
What is probably true about Macron
Why was Michael Cohen under scrutiny, according to the text?
What happened to Cohen after the article?
Why does the president likely think that the investigation into Russia is a witch hunt?
Where did the state dinner occur?
How long did the state dinner last
Who did President Macron bring with him to the dinner?
Why was the president in the oval office?
What is most likely true of the relationship between the President and Michael Cohen after this news event?
What have many legal analysts suggested  about the president's relationship with Michael Cohen being closely examined?
Whom did the president complain, during a meeting with military officials, was facing a constant witch hunt for over twelve months?
When did ABC correspondent Jonathan Karl ask the President about the legal troubles facing Michael Cohen?
How did Mueller feel about job security after the tweets from Trump?
How long did it take Trump to make the tweet criticizing the Russian probe?
What did Trump criticize in his tweets this week?
What is probably true about Joseph diGenova?
After the end of the story Trump probably is:
After the end of the this story, how does Putin feel toward Trump?
How is the turmiol hurting republicans?
Who wanted to fire special counsel?
Who fired Secretary of State Rex Tilerson?
Trump probably believes that:
Why did Trump congratulate Putin?
What is probably true about Trump?
What can put the presidency at risk?
How does Trump feel about the Russian probe?
How long will the probe last?
why does Trump continue tweeting?
When did the president tweet?
When did Trump fire Tilerson?
The rally president Donald Trump held on a Saturday likely took:
When did Saccone say "We are going to fight all the way to the end. You know I never give up."?
What of the following is likely true about candidate Rick Saccone?
Who was thrilled with the results of the congressional election?
Why does University of Virginia political scientist Larry Sabato compare Trump to Nixon?
University of Virginia political scientist Larry Sabato probably believes that:
What did Trump think when Democrat Conor Lamb declared victory?
Rick Saccone likely believes that the congressional election:
After the end of the story, Lamb probably is:
What issue did analysts address?
What states saw a Democratic victory last year as mentioned in the narrative?
What is likely true about Rick Saccone?
When did President Trump campaign for the Republican candidate in the Pennsylvania congressional election?
Who was the Democrat candidate running in the Pennsylvania election?
Democrat Conor Lamb likely at the end of the story:
What is probably true about Rick Saccone?
Why did Conor Lamb declare victory in the congressional election?
How long has Donald Trump probably been in politics?
What happened before the special congressional election?
What did Biden think of Lamb's chances?
What is probably true of Biden?
When did President Trump win by 19 points in the Pennsylvania congressional district?
What is the most probable reason why President Donald Trump decided to visit Moon Township, Pennsylvania for the rally?
After President Trump's speech at the rally, what did the public and his approval rating show for his support for Rick Saccone?
What is the best explanation to President Trump urging people to vote unless they want their tax cuts and Second Amendment rights taken away?
Who did Trump speak on behalf of?
How does Jim Kessler feel about President's Trump support at Saccone's rally?
Why was Pres Trump campaigning in Pennsylvania?
What does Kessler believe about Trump?
What did Trump say the dems would do with tax cuts?
Who is the candidate who a moderate to conservative Democrat who opposed abortion and new gun control measures?
After the end of the story Kessler is probably
Trumps pitches to voters will probably last until
What does Jim Kessler think of the new tariffs on steel and aluminum President Trump proposed?
Where did President Trump go to show his support for Republican Rick Saccone?
How long did President Donald Trump's speak during his supportive speech in Pennsylvania for Republican Rick Saccone?
What did Trump think of Sen. Mark Warner the top Democrat on the Senate Intelligence Committee?
Who was indicted for election meddling in mid-February?
What is most likely true of Rick Gates after this news event?
What is probably true about Trump's campaign manager?
What information did Hope Hicks refuse to divulge in her testimony?
When did Rick Gates plead guilty to lying to prosecutors and commenced cooperation with the investigation?
Why was Trump talking about a phony cloud over his administration?
After the end of her testimony, it is very likely that Hope Hicks:
When did an investigation about Trump's relationship with Russia begin?
What does Trump think about the probes about possible collusion with Russia?
Why were several Democrats frustrated by the testimony of Hope Hicks before the House Intelligence Committee?
Generally, how long does individual testimony before a congressional committee usually last?
What does Trump likely believe about the basis under which the investigations were launched?
How long will the Trump administration feel they will have legal battles?
after the end of the story how does Warner feel about Trump's administration?
What issues were the Senate Intelligence Committee too exploring?
Who was quoted as saying that the Russia probe is the the most important thing that they will work on in their entire career?
What was Warner's committee investigating?
What is probably true about Justin Trudeau?
What did the United States impose a on?
What is probably true about Macron?
What foreign policy is Kushner responsible for?
Why did Trump enact the tariffs
The historian probably believes that
When did Trump go to Paris?
The embraces probably lasted
When did Commissioner Cecilia Malmstrom say that the tariffs were illegal
The meeting between Ross and Le Maire probably lasted
Who can be seen with the young and dashing leader of France?
What does Trump think of his tariffs
Who did France's finance minister meet with
Emmanuel Macron probably believes
After the end of the story, Macron probably is
What did Trump think of his visit to France?
Why was Indria kicked out of school?
After the end of this story, Macron probably is
How long was the White house summit of prison reform?
What did President Trump think of the White House summit?
Who is spearheading the effort for Congress to pass legislation to help former inmates?
The senior research associate probably feels:
What is the topic of the legislation Trump wants to pass?
When did the prison population decline nearly 16,000?
How did the prison population drop below 1.5 million?
When did the report about prison population come in?
Why was President Trump at the White House summit?
Kang-Brown probably feels:
Who wants former inmates to find a path to success?
After the White House summit, Jared Kushner is probably:
How long did it take the prison population drop below 1,486,000
After the end of this story, the number of inmates probably:
What is probably true about Jared Kushner?
What does Kusher think about the decline in the prison population?
What is Kushner spearheading?
What is probably true about the criminal justice reform organization?
How long was it before Trump made an appeal to arm teachers?
After the shootings how did Obama feel about guns?
What happened at Virginia Tech in 2007?
After the end of the story how did Obama feel after he addressed the nation about a grade-school tragedy?
What did the Presidents think after their visits to schools that were affected by mass shootings?
How long was Trumps visit at Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School in Parkland, Florida?
How does Trump feel about guns?
When did Trump attend the CPAC?
Why did Trump want to arm some teachers?
Who spent time dealing with the aftermath?
When did Trump make an appeal to arm some teachers?
How did president Bush feel after he visited Virginia Tech in 2007 after a gunman killed 32?
What years was the Columbine High School shootings in Colorado?
What was true about Obama?
What did the presidents want to do about gun control?
Who thought we should reach children with resolving conflicts with words not weapons?
What is probably true about the families at Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School in Parkland, FL?
Why was Obama crying?
What will be Kim's comments on Trump's decisions?
after the story, what will probably happen between Trump and Kim Jong Un?
U.S people believes that
How other U.S leaders reacted on Trump's decision?
The enmity lasted
What about U.S. Defense Secretary's statements ?
what does Moon Jae-in want?
What was Trump's decision after his conversations with Moon Jae-in and Shinzo Abe?
why is Jim Mattis hopeful?
when did Trump plan to meet Kim Jong Un?
who does Trump plan on meeting?
What is the exact time schedule of Trumps meet with Kim?
What was trump's tweet after the meeting?
what does Trump probably believe about Kim Jong Un?
How long will it take until Trump meets Kim Jong Un?
After the conference trump stated
how many nuclear weapons does North Korea have?
Which two leaders agreed to work towards removing nuclear weapons from the Korean peninsula?
Who was Brzezinski's favorite president to work for?
What might Carter believe?
After the end of this story, Vershbow probably is
After the story President Carter may have
Why did Brzezinski have a lasting impact?
The funeral for Brzezinski probably lasted:
Who made it on their own terms?
When will Brzezinski be buried?
Why were people upset with Brzezinski?
What is probably true about Brzezinski?
What did Brzezinski guide after the cold war?
Who was involved with making major US policy decisions with Carter?
Vershbow was wearing what color shoes at the funeral?
What could be true of Brzezinski?
Brzezinski's carreer lasted:
When did Brzezinski help President carter?
President Carter probably believes that:
What policy was Brzezinski guiding in the post Cold war era?
Who said that it was a gesture of good will to cancel the drills, but was also reversible?
The drills probably lasted
Why did Trump agree to end the Ulchi Freedom Guardian exercises?
How does North Korea probably feel about the cancellation of Ulchi Freedom Guardian?
Who is Mike Pompeo?
Who called for an end to the Ulchi Freedom Guardian exercises?
How did President Trump enjoy his time in Singapore for the summit?
When did President Trump announce his plans to suspend military exercises?
How long was the summit in Singapore President Trump was at?
After the cancellation was announced, how did the people of North Korea feel about it?
When did the US and South Korea agree to cancel the Ulchi Freedom Guardian exercises?
North Korea probably believes that the end of the drills are:
What does Kane probably think of Mike Pompeo?
After the end of the story, North Korea probably is
What is the most probable reason President Trump said he would cancel the war games?
What issue did he say was enormously expensive and provocative?
What is the best explanation for Foreign Minister Kang's decision to suspend military exercises?
What is the most probable reason that South korea agreed to stop the drills?
Why did Trump try to end North Korea's exports and increase their economic pain?
When was the summit held that led to a joint peace declaration between North and South Korea?
What does Kim Jung Un really want?
Why was there a halt in the progress made at the 2000 and 2007 summits?
The summits between North and Korea have probably lasted:
The author feels hopeful that:
Who will be meeting with Kim Jong Un in May or June?
How did Kim Jung Un really feel about Donald Trump?
Kim Jung Un probably thinks he will:
US and North Korea summits and negotiations will probably last:
After the end of the text Donald Trump is likely to:
After the meeting with North Korea, President Trump will feel successful if:
How did South Korea feel about the attack on the South Korean naval ship in 2010?
When did Kim Jung Un say he would agree to talk about denuclearization?
Which is the most likely impact of the sanctions on North Korea?
Who has come out in favor of dialogue?
Who is responsible for imposing sanctions?
Who is Cheong Seong-Chang?
Why was the main character beaten?
What would the refugees likely do next?
Where were the family fleeing from?
Why were the family singing?
When was Abduraheem sent to prison?
How long would the Sudanese war likely last?
How do the original church goers feel about Abduraheem and his family now attending their Baptist church?
For how long has Sudan probably not accept Christian worshipers?
Why would the family likely believe the U.S. is good?
What is the best thing for the refugees to do now?
What would likely happen to Abduraheem back home?
What has the Sudanese government been doing more of since 2011?
After what Abduraheem's story, how does he probably feel about being a Christian?
What is probably true about how much Sudan cares for their prisons and prisoners?
Who were the new neighbors in the church?
When did the congregation gather?
How did Abduraheem probably feel when he was in prison?
Who is singing Arabic songs in the English Baptist church?
The campaigns for the midterm elections probably lasted
After the end of the story, Trump is probably
How long did it probably take for Macron's aides to plan his visit?
What issue did the person Trump address?
Why was the student protesting?
What does person Macron believe about Trump?
Which party loses an average of about 30 House seats and a handful of Senate seats?
What is probably true about Jim Kessler?
How much money does Macron probably have?
where did Trump go?
When did Trump say that his supporters had become a little bit complacent?
What does Jim Kessler believe about Trump?
What losses can Trump expect to face if his approval rating remains below 40%?
What will probably be the school's position on student protests after the story gets in the news?
Trump probably believes that:
What happened before/after/while Trump's Paris trip?
Why did Jim Kessler say that Trump is an unpopular president?
How does Macron probably feel about Trump?
What did Trump think of his first year in office?
When did Donald Trump install Justice Neil Gorsuch to the Supreme Court?
after the end of the story what do the Republicans think about the tax changes Trump makes?
What does Utah Republican Senator Orrin Hatch do on his weekends?
Who made efforts to install Justice Neil Gorsuch on the Supreme court?
What helped Trump get the Republican party behind him?
How long did it take for President Donald Trump to announce his tax cut bill?
What is the main cause of President Trump's increase in approval rating?
What does Trump think about his tax bill being approved?
Where did President Trump sign his biggest legislative that would be fantastic for the economy?
Why were some Trump voters upset about the tax cut bill at first?
When was the first anniversary of Trump's inauguration?
Why was Trump's political base pleased with his first year in office?
How long did it take Trump to sign the tax bill?
What will President Trump probably accomplish during his second year of office?
What is probably true about Orrin Hatch's view of Trump?
How do the wealthy feel about the tax cut bill President Trump presented?
Who announced they would not run for re-election this year?
Who won Tuesday's election?
After the election defeat, Moore probably is:
When did Moore's alleged sexual misconduct happen?
What did the president say in regards to the Alabama race?
Why did Moore quote the bible?
Why was Moore facing allegations?
What type of light did Moore feel he was being painted in. In other words, how did he feel he was being viewed in the face of his allegations?
What contributed to Moore's loss of the race?
What political party does Roy Moore belong to?
Why did Jones win?
How long did the president give his full backing to candidate Moore for?
When did Jones pay tribute to voters and staffers who supported him in his longshot victory over Morre?
How do Democrats most likely feel about the race results?
How do Republicans feel about the election results?
What did Trump think of his endorsement?
Moore has probably last been to a shopping mall:
Who endorsed Roy Moore?
How did the president most likely feel after the Alabama race was over?
After the end of the story
What office does Richard Shelby hold?
Why did Moore get deposed twice?
Trump's rally for Roy Moore probably lasted
What is probably true of Sessions?
At the end of the story, Richard Shelby probably still is
When did Trump endorse Moore?
What did Trump really think of Moore?
What is true about Doug Jones?
Who was termed a political puppet?
For how long was the special election was probably televised
Why was Moore deposed?
Richard Shelby probably thinks
Who did Trump call a political puppet?
What does the author probably think
What does Trump think of the upcoming election?
What state did Moore run in for Senate?
When did Roy Moore harass a woman?
Why did Jeff Sessions leave the U.S Senate?
When did Trump make his endorsement for Roy Moore?
Who is rallied for on his behalf in neighboring Florida?
What does Trump probably feel about Doug Jones?
What state is the story focusing on in terms of a senate election?
Who is the individual being accused of sexual misconduct?
After the final days of the campaign, Moore probably is
What is likely true about the Alabama Senate election?
Trumps recorded endorsement for Roy Moore likely lasted:
When did Moore allegedly preform his sexual misconduct?
Roy Moore after the events of the story is likely:
President Trump likely believes that the Alabama Senate election:
What is most likely true about Doug Jones?
How long did Roy Moore's televised interview probably take?
What is probably true about the Senate position in Alabama?
What state is the center of the U.S Political universe this week?
Why did President Trump decide to prioritize endorsing Roy Moore?
Why did Jones say Moore was unfit to serve in the Senate?
What do Trump's base probably feel about the Russia investigation?
Why is Trump trying to pass this tax plan?
Who wants to be shown that he's a man of his word that delivers on campaign promises?
Trump's presidency has lasted:
How long has the tax plan been worked on?
After the passage of the tax plan, the Russia investigation will probably..
What does Robert Mueller think about the tax plan?
What is slowing down the passing of the tax reform?
Why do the Democrats oppose the Trump tax plan?
Trump probably feels that he should go forward with the plan despite some polls indicating it is viewed negatively because...
Based on the article, the tax plan is likely to:
Where did Trump go to talk about the tax plan?
Why are the Democrats unable to present a legislative challenge?
What does President Trump believe his main goal is?
When will the tax plan be made law?
What does Trump think will happen with the Robert Mueller case?
The Michael Flynn plea deal:
Who is Trump's former national security adviser?
Who's case caused the debate?
What does the American Civil Liberties union think about freedom of information?
Who was convicted of a series of robberies in 2010 and 2011?
Justice sonia sotomayor probably work inside of what
What is probably true about Roberts views on the Constitution?
What amendment is related to unreasonable search and seizure?
When was the Supreme Court deciding on whether the government can track cell phone movements?
Why did people argue that accessing a cellphone without a warrant violated the Fourth Amendment?
What is ACLU stand for?
When did the court signal new limit to tracking?
Who Justice Sotomayor is in a relation ship with?
How long would the process be to get a warrant?
How long after Timothy Carpenter was convicted did he continue to rob people?
After the amendment, Wessler probably is
After the end of the story what does Wessler think about tracking cell phone data?
why would an entity need to obtain a warrant?
What does ACLU feel about the amendment
What did Timothy Carpenter think of his conviction for robberies in 2010 and 2011?
What is an expected political strategy of Democratic leader Chuck Schumer after the time of this article?
How long will it take to vote in tax reform
What is probably true of Shumer
What was the new political landscape faced by the President and his Republican allies?
What does Paul Ryan most likely believe about keeping promises?
When did President Trump return from Asia?
When did Pres Trump begin to focus on tax reform
Why was there a strong Democratic showing in Virginia's elections?
After the end of the story who will continue working on tax reform?
Schumer probably believes
Who ran their 2016 campaigns based on tax reform?
Where did political analyst Kyle Kondik work before he came to the University of Virginia?
About how long did President Trump's flight home from his twelve day trip last?
What is probably true about House Speaker Paul Ryan?
Where is the Bipartisan Policy Center
What does Pres Trump think about tax reform
Who ran on tax reform?
Why was tax reform important
At the end of the story, Steve Peoples probably is
What did Democrats think about Trump's policies?
Why was Phil Murphy elected
Who defeated Republican Ed Gillespie?
Who did Virginia elect governor?
Ralph Northam's new conference lasted
What is probably true about Virginians?
Why will next year's Midterm elections have an impact on Trump?
What is probably true of Scott Taylor
What does New Jersey's Governor elect think of Trump?
When did Phil Murphy get elected Governor?
What did Ralph Northam think about Phil Murphys win
What do exit polls show about why Democrats are being elected in VA and NJ?
When did Trump suffer political setbacks?
Scott Taylor probably believes
Who did Scott Taylor believe had divisive rhetoric
After Northam takes office in VA,  he probably is:
How long did people vote on election day in VA for the midterm elections?
What is probably true about Ruth Bader Ginsburg?
When did the Supreme Court listen to a case brought by the Democratic voters in Wisconsin?
What is gerrymandering?
What state of voters sued to protect themselves from gerrymandering?
After the end of the story, the attorney general probably thinks
What do the democrats probably believe
Oral arguments for the case lasted
How do american citizens feel about gerrymandering?
Why did the supreme court review the case?
Why is gerrymandering a negative way prescribe district boundaries?
The supreme court is likely to rule:
Who is the a leading liberal judge on the Supreme Court
What happened after the story?
Who followed traditional redistricting criteria?
When did the high court hear arguments?
What cases are probably referred to the supreme court
What states are the most heavily gerrymandered?
How long did the supreme court consider the case?
After the end of the story, Trump probably is
What did the public think of Moore's victory speech?
How does Trump feel that the Affordable Care Act wasn't voted down?
Why did Trump make an all-out push for tax reform?
What is probably true about Doug Jones
Who won the Alabama Senate Primary
Who put off a vote on replacing Obamacare thanks to some defectors?
What does Trump think about Doug Jones?
After Trump promised tax cuts to our country how did he feel?
When did Trump give a speech to the National Association of Manufacturers in Washington?
How did Trump feel about Luther Strange being defeated?
What happened after the Alabama Senate Primary?
The Republican strategist believes
How long did the primary election take in Alabama?
The controversial statements probably lasted
What was Barack Obama's signature accomplishment?
What did Democrats express relief about when Senate Republicans didn't vote on it recently?
Why did Senate Republicans postpone voting on Obamacare replacement?
What did Trump about bipartisan cooperation in health care and keeping Obamacare?
what is trump struggling with?
Who had his approval rating go from 34 to 37 in Gallup Daily tracking on Thursday?
How long did the Gallup Daily Tracking poll take to gather data on Trump's rating Thursday?
Trump probably believes that:
After the end of the story, hurricane victims were probably:
when did trumps rating start going down?
The writer thinks that trump is
When did Trump's approval rating go up?
What is probably true about Trump's approval ratings through his presidency?
How long did it take for the approval to go down
What deal of Trumps did 71% of Democrats approve of?
what did trump want for lunch
why has trumps approval gone down
after the end of the story pence
Who's approval has gone down
what is true about trump
Why did Trump's ratings go up since late July?
Mattis probably think China building military bases is what?
What made Jim Mattis want to slam China?
When did the US dis-invite China from RIMPAC?
What city was the issue about weapons systems directed at?
The Chinese colonel is probably what?
When did Jim Mattis slam China on their militarization of the South China Sea islands?
What was Mattis' room service bill during his stay for the Shangri-La Dialogue?
Who gave a speech in which he criticized China?
The speech by Mattis probably lasted about how long?
How long did the summit last between the US and North Korea?
What event did the speech happen at?
Who slammed China's militarization of the South China Sea islands?
What is probably true about China's pursuit of the South China Sea?
Why did the speech contain criticisms of China?
What did Trump discuss at the summit between US and North Korea?
After the story ends, China probably:
What likely happened at RIMPAC later in the year?
What does Jim Mattis think about militarization of the South China Sea islands?
what does Modi think about leaders keeping commitments?
How long was Modi's speech in Singapore?
What did Trump think about Modi criticizing the U.S. about tariffs?
Why did Modi criticize China?
When did Modi criticize China during a speech?
What is probably True about Modi?
What is probably true of India?
What does Modi think of Trump?
After the end of the story, US and India relations:
Who spoke at the Shangri-La Dialogue defense conference veiling criticism of China?
After the end of the conference, India probably is:
Where did Prime Minister Modi give a speech regarding closer relations with Beijing?
Who will promote a democratic and rules-based international order?
The annual Shangri-La Dialogue defense conference probably lasted:
What did Modi warn against?
Modi probably believes that:
Why did Modi criticize the US in his speech?
When did India choose a neutral status?
After the disinvitation, how will China feel about America?
How does China feel about America?
After the end of the text, how will the public view of China's military change?
What is true about Xi Jinping?
What is probably true of China's defense ministry?
What does China believe about America?
When was China uninvited to RIMPAC 2018?
Where did China militarize?
Chinese Foreign Minister Wang Yi probably believes that:
Where is China accused of deploying anti-ship missiles, surface-to-air missile (SAM) systems, and electronic jammers?
When did China's defense ministry give their statement?
What issue did Lt. Col. Christopher Logan address?
How long did it probably take the US to discover that China was militarizing the Spratly islands?
How long has the conflict lasted?
Who broke the promise not to militarize the Spratly Islands.
What did Trump think about leaving China out of the 2018 RIMPAC?
Why was China kicked out of the 2018 RIMPAC?
Why was China not invited to 2018 RIMPAC?
When did the Trump adminstration plan to reimpose sanction on Iran?
What entity also is negotiating with Iran?
At the end of this story, the EU foreign policy chief is :
The narrator probably feels that:
What is the likelihood that new sanctions against Iran will force them into conpliance
How long did it take Iran's foreign minister make comments about European countries attempt to salvage the 2015 nuclear agreement?
How does Iran's President feel about Donald Trump?
Mike Pompeo's speech likely lasted:
How long does Iran have to agree to a new deal?
Donald Trump believes that:
What sanctions were the Trump adminstration planning to reimpose?
Iran probably is
Who demanded that Iran end its proliferation of ballistic missiles?
When was the previous nuclear agreement with Iran signed?
After the end of the article, Iran will probably
Why did European countries hold talks with Iran to try to salvage the deal?
Who said Tehran must also end its proliferation of ballistic missiles and stop its 'destabilizing activities' across the Middle East.
What will sanctions do to Iran?
At the end of the story, the spokesman probably is
Why did the Air Force send the tweet?
Someone in the Air Force probably believed:
When did the U.S. Air Force post its Afghanistan-related tweet?
What is probably true about Kone Faulkner
What entity is Lieutenant Colonel Kone referring to in his statement?
Who was the Pentagon spokesman?
What dropped the bomb in the first graphic tweet?
What is probably true about the tweet that sparked the Laurel or Yanny debate?
The spokesman probably believes
How long has Lieutenant Colonel Kone Faulkner been a Lieutenant?
When did the Pentagon release the tweets?
The air strike probably lasted
How long did the bombing in the black and white tweet last?
After the first graphic tweet showing actual people being blown up
Where was the battle at the Iranian/Afghan Border
What made the tweet lighthearted?
What did the spokesman think of the strike
What has North Korea been seeking for many years?
What does Mike Pompeo think about President Trump's plan to meet with Kim Jong Un?
after the story ends does Pyongyang take more prisoners?
After Mike Pompeo returned from Pyongyang:
What is probably true about the 16 Americans released over the past two decades?
What does the White House think about the latest North Korea prison release?
What might have happened if North Korea had not released the three prisoners during Pompeo's visit?
When did North Korea release three prisoners?
Mike Pompeo's flight back to the US from Pyongyang probably lasted:
How long did the summit with North Korea last?
Why did Pyongyang detain at least 16 Americans over the last two decades?
Who had been accused of espionage or trying to overthrow the government?
What did Trump think about the upcoming Summit with North Korea?
When did Trump speak about the upcoming summit with North Korea?
Secretary of State Mike Pompeo probably thinks that:
Why did South Korea announce a very positive sign for a successful North Korea-U.S. meeting?
Who is Trump meeting for a summit?
Where is Kim Jong Un the leader?
How does the Kabul government feel about Trump's new strategy?
Why did the Pentagon provide deflated figures for the decline in Afghan forces?
How long do one of the 12 daily airstrikes probably last?
After the end of this story, the U.S-led coalition will probably:
What can be seen as committing the U.S. to Afghanistan indefinitely?
Who is supporting the militants responsible for the unprecedented casualties in 2017
Why are some U.S. military officials touting some successes under the new strategy?
When did Afghan forces suffer unprecedented casualties?
An airstrike probably lasts:
When did Trump pressure Pakistan to end its support for Afghan militants?
Most American military officials involved in the conflict probably think that:
What did Pentagon officials acknowledge?
What is the reason that many Afghan soldiers now deserting the army?
What is probably the length of time that the war in Afghanistan will continue?
What is probably true about Donald Trump?
Why do Washington and Kabul keep the information about desertions classified?
After the Pentagon released the corrected figures on the decline in forces, SIGAR officials probably felt that:
U.S military officials probably believe that:
Who has been criticized for making derogatory comments about Africa?
Why did Trump joke about helicopters?
What event led to former President Barack Obama suspending military sales with Nigeria?
What is the most probable reason why President Buhari ignored all the vulgar comments previously made by President Trump?
What sales deal did President Donald Trump approve?
Where is the location of the Boko Haram?
When did Trump approve the sales deal to Nigeria?
What is probably true about Africa?
How long has Nigeria and the US fought Islamic extremists?
What does Buhari think about Trump?
When prompted President Trump to reset his relationship with President Buhari?
What did President Buhari have a lunch on the day of his meeting with President Trump?
Who is the Nigerian president?
How does President Trump feel about his business relationship with President Buhari?
After President Buhari's meeting with Trump, how does he really feel about President Trump?
At the end, Buhari will probably
How long did President Trump & President Buhari meet for?
How does Nigeria feel about Trump's comments?
how do Adesa and Naima probably feel?
Who are the two that allege racial harassment?
what is probably true about Fox News?
after the accusations, what will Fox News do?
After the end of this story, Wignor is probably
What is probably true about Wigdor
What did Fox think about all the cases against their employees?
Why did Blanco file a lawsuit?
Who was fired without any warning?
who had lawsuits filed against them?
How long did it take to file the lawsuits?
when did the accusations come to light?
When were the lawsuits were filed?
what is Adesa Blanco's ethnicity?
Why is Fox News battling numerous lawsuits?
how long did Naima Farrow's harrassment last?
How did O'Reilly probably feel about being dismissed
Who represented the fox employees?
Who will decide whether to make statewide offices nonpartisan?
What proposition are Californians considering to be used to eliminate the death penalty?
Many states believe that
how long does a background check take?
Why are Californians deciding whether to eliminate the death penalty?
When will voters decide policy issues about legalizing marijuana in 35 states?
Who will create a commitee to remake districts?
Who will be finishing appeals?
When did Alaska allow marijuana use
who will legalize marijuana next?
At the end of this story many states
What is probably true about people in twenty states of the US?
How long do background checks for guns take in the US?
After the end of the story probably:
D.C. probably believes that:
What did Californians probably think about requiring background checks for buyers of ammunition and banning high capacity ammunition magazines?
How were background checks widened?
What is probably true about California?
What is likely true about the citizens of Chicago after hearing about the library?
What is likely true about former President Barack Obama?
When did Obama announce his donation for a summer jobs program?
When did Barack Obama announces plans to donate $2 million dollars?
After the speech, Rahm Emmanuel feels:
Who envisioned recording studios for musicians?
Why did former President Barack Obama unveil plans for a presidential library?
How long was Obama's announcement?
The announcement former President Barack Obama made likely lasted:
Why is the museum in Chicago?
How do the other cities considered for the library feel about not being selected?
What states pitched proposals to Barack Obama?
Where will the museum be located?
The mayor of Chicago, Rahm Emanuel likely believes that:
What is true about Obama?
Who announced the building of a presidential library in Chicago?
After the events of the narrative, the city of Chicago:
How does Obama feel about the museum?
How long would it probably take to do the extra vetting
What does Tillerson think of the new process?
President Donald Trump probably believes that:
What foreign policy did Tillerson try to instigate?
What is probably true of Tillerson?
Who ordered American embassies to determine criteria for groups that would need increased scrutiny before traveling to the US?
Who can be identified as meeting the criteria for extreme vetting?
What did Trump probably think of Tillerson
Why did Amnesty International write a letter to Tillerson?
Who is responsible for the state department?
Why are human rights groups protesting the proposed guidelines for extreme vetting?
After the end of the story, Tillerson probably is
How long would being referred for extreme vetting probably delay someone's visa application?
When did Donald Trump first call for "extreme vetting" of visa applicants?
When was Trump accused of discriminating against muslims?
How does Secretary of State Rex Tillerson feel about President Donald Trump's plan for extreme vetting?
What does the State Department probably believe about the social media accounts of people who are suspected of terrorist ties?
After sending their protest letter to Secretary of State Tillerson, human rights group Amnesty International is probably:
Who was succeeded by Kelly at U.S Southern Command?
What issue did John Kelly clash with the Obama administration over?
How does General John Kelly feel about the Obama administration?
What does General John Kelly think of the city of Boston?
What qualities would likely describe General Kelly?
Kelly likely would advocate for the following:
Who is Robert Michael Kelly?
When did General Kelly succeed Douglas Fraser at USSOUTHCOM?
What happened to Kelly in 2010?
Kelly likely thinks that the Middle East is dangerous because:
What did Kelly likely think about the closure of GITMO?
What is the most probably reason why President Trump decide to have John Kelly as his lead choice for the Department of Homeland Security?
When was General John Kelly discharged from active duty as a sergeant?
How long did it likely take for Obama to decide to close the U.S. base in Cuba?
After General John Kelly's son death, how did it change him politically?
What is the best explanation to why General John Kelly had a tough tone on border security?
How long has General John Kelly probably been in the military?
Why did Kelly talk about the seriousness of the U.S. in the Middle East?
Who will consider a ban of high-capacity ammunition magazines?
When will voters decide on high-capacity magazine bans?
The writer probably believes that
What could be legalized for medicinal usage in Florida and three additional states?
How long is it until the vote?
At the end of this story, the voters of California probably are
What is probably true about South Dakota
How many people will vote in California on Tuesday?
The narrator probably thinks
Why did the District of Columbia abolish capitol punishment?
The election will probably last
Why are some states voting on gun laws?
What have voters in twenty states and D.C. overturned?
After these votes, will more states vote on legalizing marijuana?
Why have states overturned capital punishment?
What did South Dakota voters think about the election
When will Nevada consider legalizing marijuana?
Who was considering measures that would expand background checks?
Who announced that there will be more commutations>
Why is Obama commuting sentences?
What color suit did Obama wear when signing the commutations?
Who said that the House and Senate need to continue to work on a bipartisan basis?
How does Obama probably feel about strict sentences for nonviolent offenders?
What did Obama probably do after the story?
What action was taken by Obama on 214 prisoners?
How long will it be until Obama is no longer president?
How long do you think Neil Eggleston took to write the blog post?
When did Obama commute the sentences of the inmates?
When will Obama make an effort to commute more sentences?
Who made the largest batch of commutations on a single day?
How do the inmates probably feel about the commutations?
The prisoners probably what?
What did the prisoners eat for their first meal out of jail?
After the end of this story, Obama probably is
Why did Obama choose many of the people whose sentences he commuted?
What is probably true about Sally Yates?
How did Timothy Kaine learn to speak Spanish?
Who is Timothy Michael Kaine?
What is the most probable reason why Tim Kaine's got involved in politics?
When did Kaine learn to speak fluent Spanish?
Who serves as Virginia's secretary of education?
What does Clinton likely think about Mike Pence?
What election led to Kaine's involvement with politics?
How long has Tim Kaine's been involved with politics?
How long did it probably take Timothy Kaine to earn a bachelor's degree?
Where at Harvard did Tim Kaine meet his wife Anne Holton in?
How does Tim Kaine feel about the homelessness problem in America?
Who ran for governor of Virginia?
Where would the Kaines likely live after this story?
After serving as governor, what is probably Kaine's next political move?
When was Kaine governor of Virginia?
What is the most likely reason Kaine chose to volunteer in Honduras?
What subject did Timothy Kaine study before law?
What job did Timothy Kaine likely enjoy the most?
Who uses the boys bathroom?
The rest of the lawsuit will last
After the end of this story, Gavin Grimm probably is
Gavin Grimm probably believes
When did the Virginia school board file its appeal?
How does Grimm feel about all of this?
What is probably true of the ACLU?
What does Gavin Grimm probably think about his case
Who is supporting Grimm?
The decision probably took
What is probably true about Gavin Grimm
After the end of the text, the Supreme Court has probably
What does the school board want?
Why was Gavin Grimm prevented from using the bathroom?
Who wanted to use a bathroom that matched his gender identity?
What type of claim was Gavin Grimm's
why didn't they want Grimm to use the boys facilities?
What happened after Grimm tried to use the boys bathroom?
What is probably true about Johnson?
When were the bomb making materials found at Johnson's home?
Who is proud of the state's law enforcement officers?
How does Edwards probably feels
After the end of the story,  DeRay McKesson linked to the police reform protest movement Black Lives Matter probably
Who said he wanted to 'kill white people, especially white officers.'
Why was McKesson arrested?
What is probably true about about Louisiana Governor John Bel Edwards?
Why was DeRay McKesson protesting
How long did the ambush probably last?
Where was Philando Castile killed?
How does De Ray McKesson probably feel after his arrest?
At the end of this story, the family of the police officers kills are probably
When did the protest start?
How long do you think DeRay McKesson spend in jail?
What does Louisiana Governor John Bel Edwards probably
What color shoes was McKesson wearing when he was arrested?
Who disagreed with DeRay McKesson regarding the fairness of his arrest?
how long did lynch probably take in Orlando
lynch probably believes that
why did Lynch give Florida $1 million
at the end, lynch's priority is probably
who else went with Lynch to Orlando probably
What is Lynch's favorite pet?
Lynch probably believes that:
what did Orlando probably wear
What is probably true about the shooter?
Why was Lynch upset?
Who announced a one million dollar emergency grant?
when did police reopen streets near the nightclub
What state did Lynch travel to?
After the end of this story, Lynch is probably:
where did the attack take place
Lynch's speech probably lasted:
When did the nightclub attack happen?
who said people often act out of more than one motivation
what does president obama feel about refugees
why did trump call to block non citizen Muslims from entering the united states
When did Trump call to block Muslims from the US?
Who prevented Texas from allowing Syrian refugees into Texas?
who was behind Obama's decision to resettle refugees
how much money has probably been spent on resettling refugees
after the end of the text obama probably is
What is probably true about Trump supporters?
what are the factors that make one a refugee
which people said they opposed taking in refugees
What is the name of the federal judge?
Why did Trump call for a ban on Muslims?
Syrian refugees are probably
What party supported taking in refugees more?
Trump probably believes that
How long will it take President Obama to reach his goal?
when did obama set the goal of resettling refugees
how long would it take to resettle the remaining refugees
After the end of this story, Trump supporters probably
What goal do 77% of Republicans oppose?
Who would suspend immigration if elected?
How long did the shooting in Orlando probably take at the gay night club this week?
What is probably true about Americans view on immigration?
Trump probably believes that mostly:
What do Republicans probably think of the proposed Muslim ban?
What did Obama probably think about taking in refugees to the US?
Who is the suspected shooter in the Orlando gay bar incident?
When did Trump promise a ban on Muslims?
What was Donald Trump probably wearing at the rally?
After the end of the story, Trump probably does what with immigration?
Why did Trump propose a ban on Muslims after the Orlando shooting?
The rally probably lasted
Why did Trump promise to use executive powers to put a hold on immigration from some countries?
Who promised to use executive powers to suspend immigration to the US from terroristic countries?
When did a mass shooting happen in a gay nightclub in Florida?
What does Trump probably believe about Muslims?
Why was the terrorist killer in America?
when did trump renew a call for a ban on the entry of Muslim immigrants in the United States
why does trump probably dislike Obama
how does trump probably think about Muslims
What is probably true about Obama?
Who said she would not declare war on an entire religion?
After the end of this story, Hillary Clinton probably is:
What renewed a call for a ban on the entry of Muslim immigrants into the US?
Hillary Clinton probably believes that:
what did trump probably wear while doing his speech
how long did Trumps speech is Manchester last probably
why did Clinton use a multi-faced approach to combat terrorism
The terrorist screening probably lasted:
what did Omar Mateen do
after the end of the story, trump probably;
What did Trump probably think of the Orlando Massacre?
When did Trump ban Muslims from entering the US?
who cited the need for common sense reform of gun ownership laws
How does the FBI probably feel about the ECPA
How long has the FBI been fighting for the amendment?
What was probably true about U.S. Supreme Court Justice Louis Brandeis?
Who said that privacy is the most comprehensive of rights, and the right most valued by a free people."?
When did technology out pace the ECPA?
Louis Brandeis probably believes that:
The FBI probably believes:
How does the FBI probably feel about the Supreme Court?
Who had been looking into ways to revise the ECPA?
Why is the Senate Judiciary Committee considering an amendment to the ECPA?
What does Google think of James Comey's position?
Why did Google sign the letter?
When was the The Electronic Communications Privacy Act enacted?
How long has the ECPA been in place?
After the end of the story, James Comey probably is:
Who believes the right most valued by free people is privacy?
What was signed by Yahoo, Google, Facebook and others?
After the end of the story, the Senate Judiciary Committee probably is:
After the end of this story, Trump apologized for:
After the end of the story Trump probably:
Why did Trump make a racist remark?
What did Sasse think about Trump?
Trump probably believes that:
Who made comments while at a women's shelter about Trump's remarks regarding the Mexican heritage of a judge?
What state was Judge Curiel raised in?
What remark did Trump make?
When did Ryan get questioned about Trumps comments regarding the Mexican heritage of a judge in a lawsuit with Trump University?
Why did Graham suggest Republicans who have endorsed Trump reconsider?
This lawsuit probably lasted:
What did Trump probably think about the lawsuit?
How long was the New York Times interview with Graham?
Graham probably believes that:
When should Trump apologize to Judge Curiel?
What is probably true about U.S. District Court Judge Gonzalo Curiel?
What is probably true about Judge Curiel?
Who said he believes Gonzalo Curiel?
When did Gingrich condemn Trumps remarks?
What is probably true about Trump
Who is the Speaker of the House?
What did Democrats probably do with Trump's comments on Judge Curiel?
Who is it that Marco Rubio is referring to when Rubio says that he hopes he stops?
Why did Trump think Judge Gonzalo Curiel would not be fair?
How did Trump feel about his once Vice-President option Newt Gingrich after Newt condemned Trump's remarks?
Who is the Florida Senator that agreed with Kasich's tweets on Trump's comments toward a judge?
How long did it probably take Kasich to tweet about Trump regarding the Judge Curiel comment?
When did Trump's rival Kasich tweet that Trump's offensive comments on the judge were wrong?
Trump probably believes his comments toward Judge Curiel:
The writer probably thinks that:
What is probably true about Curiel?
This back and forth of remarks and condemnation probably lasted:
After the end of the story:
Why did Kasich tweet commenting Trump should apologize?
Who tweeted that Trump should apologize to Judge Curiel?
After the end of the story Trump probably:
What  does trump think about this reform
How long did the vote take for the Sentencing Reform and Corrections Act of 2015?
why did the Reform and Corrections Act of 2015 fail to pass
What did Congress intend if the Sentencing Reform and Corrections Act of 2015 was passed?
When did Obama push to commute sentences for non-violent drug offenders in the US?
What was obamas position during this ordeal
After the story, Obama probably is
What country has the highest incarceration rate in the world?
What issue did Bush grant?
HOw long has obama been working on this
What does Obama believe probably about non-violent drug offenders?
What is probably true about the bar association
Who pushed for lighter sentences for non-violent drug offenders?
After 42 convicted nonviolent offenders were granted commutations probably:
How does obama feel with the non support
What is probably true about Obama?
when did Obama grant commutations for non violent offenders?
Why did Obama fight for lower sentences for drug crimes?
Clinton may think that:
When would Trump block Muslim immigration?
Why did Trump attack Hillary
What is a large topic of consternation among American?
The campaigns will probably last for:
Hillary Clinton probably believes that:
Who's interests will be pursued?
when will immigration policy change?
What foreign policy is Trump responsible for?
After the end of this story, Trump probably is:
What is probably true about Trump?
Why was Clinton bad mouthing Trump?
What do many Americans believe?
The election campaign probably lasted:
When did Trump deliver his foreign policy speech?
Who will be gone soon?
What did Trump's anti-terrorism position tell Muslims?
After the story Trump might have
Who inspired the Wear Orange movement?
When was Hadiya Pendleton killed?
When did the Wear Orange movement occur?
After the events of the story, the NRA still:
The group Wear Orange probably feels:
Who is the group that honors the life of Hadiya Pendleton?
The Wear Orange movement likely lasts:
After the end of this story, the NRA is probably
Why did the NRA criticize the Wear Orange movement?
Participants of the Wear Orange movement likely believe that:
What is probably true about Hadiya Pendleton?
The shooting at UCLA probably lasted:
What was the second Amendment of the US constitution partially based on?
What is likely true about the politics regarding gun rights in the US?
The president of the NRA's favorite animal is probably:
Where was Hidaya Pendleton killed
Why did the group pick the color orange?
What is likely true about the Wear Orange political movement?
Why did the US have sanctions on North Korea?
How long have North Korea and US presidents continued to meet?
After the end of this story, North Korea probably:
Why were past negotiations unsuccessful
What did Trump call joint military exercises in South Korea?
Who said Trump offered to lift sanctions against North Korea as relations improve?
Trump probably believes:
What is probably true about Trump?
How long did the news conference in Seoul alongside the Korean Foreign Minister probably last with the US?
After the meeting, how would Kim describe the meeting with Trump?
What will it take to end the Korean conflict?
When was the dismantling process set to begin?
Why were Japan and South Korea represented in the meeting?
What did the U.S. think about the promises made in the past about denuclearization from North Korea?
Who did Trump meet with representing North Korea?
Who is the administrative spokesman?
When will the US take back some of the sanctions on North Korea?
How does Trump feel about Kim?
When did Pyongyang start to focus primarily on utilizing diplomatic tactics?
Kim Jong Un likely believes that meeting with the US:
How persuasive does the North Korea leader likely think his claim that he had missiles that could reach the US was, following the summit conclusion?
After the events of the story, Kim Jong Un is likely:
Why would people be skeptical of the meeting between North Korea and the US?
What action does the US insist must be carried out before it will follow through and lift the existing sanctions against North Korea?
Following the summit, what does Trump likely believe about North Korea's intent to honor the new agreement?
Where would nuclear disarmament primarily occur for any agreement made in the summit?
Why are some people in South Korea somewhat skeptical that the US-North Korea summit will lead to North Korea giving up its nuclear weapons program?
The summit between the US and North Korea likely lasted:
How long did the summit between the two leaders last?
Who was skeptical of the meeting between North Korea and the US?
At the end of the summit, what is very likely true about the name calling and antagonistic relationship between the leaders?
What is likely true about President Trump?
When were the missiles test-fired by North Korea last year completed?
Who commended Trump for his ongoing commitment to continuing peace keeping efforts with North Korea?
When, according to the text, did North Korea carry out missile test-firing activities that proved successful?
Which of the following is likely true about North Korea?
Why is Trump meeting with Kim in Singapore?
After the summit, Hong Joon-pyo probably is:
Trump probably believes that:
Who is trying to achieve diplomatic breakthrough to shift focus from the Russia investigation according to Hong?
How long was the summit between Trump and Kim Jong Un?
Hong Joon-pyo probably believes that:
Why was Hong Joon-pyo pessimistic about the meeting?
Who is meeting with the U.S President during the summit?
Where is the U.S-N.Korea meeting taking place?
How long has it been since the US and DPRK leaders have met?
What did Kim Jong Un probably think of traveling to Singapore for the meeting
When did Hong Joon-pyo speak out against the summit?
When did South Korea's conservative leader voice concerns about the upcoming Trump and Moon Jae-in compromising joint security for more false denuclearization promises from Kim Jong Un?
After the end of the story, Trump probably:
What is probably true about the negotiations between U.S. and North Korea?
What have many South Korean conservatives voiced much support for with regards to Trump?
What did Trump probably think of his visit to Singapore?
What is probably true about South Korean conservatives?
What does Jim Mattis think about the chances of denuclearization
Where will the summit on June 12 be held.
Why could the June 12 summit lead to costs of $20 billion?
At the end of the story, North Korea probably
What is probably true about Kwon Hyuk-Chul?
Who expects a very positive step from the nuclear summit?
Who believes the June 12 summit will be the beginning of a process to resolve differences?
The denuclearization process will probably take
When will North Korea receive sanction relief?
When does Jim Mattie believe North Korea could receive sanctions relief?
How would Donald Trump probably feel about the cost of North Korea's denuclearization?
What is Darly Kmball the executive director of
After the end of the story, Trump is:
How long would it take for North Korea to obtain sanctions relief?
What is probably true about Jim Mattis
Why did North Korea have a chance at sanction relief
Kwon Hyuk-chui probably believes
What does Jim Mattis think about Donald Trump?
Why did Trump revive the Singapore summit?
When did Trump revive the Singapore summit with Kim Jong Un?
Who was probably present during the summit?
South Korean President Moon Jae-in probably feels:
When did Trump revive the Singapore Summit?
Who are united in looking at ways to have a diplomatic solution to nuclear threats?
South Korean officials probably feel:
How long did it probably take for Trump to get to Singapore from the U.S.?
After the end of the story, South Korean's relations with the United States probably:
What is probably true about Trump's view of Moon's approach?
What would Moon probably expect of Trump after a denuclearization deal is reached?
How long did it probably take Kim Young Chol to get to the U.S. ?
Who backed away from a "maximum pressure" approach with North Korea?
Why did Trump decide to renew diplomatic talks with Kim Jong Un after cancelling?
What is the name of Trump's former confrontational approach to dealing with North Korea?
Who has been influencial in making the U.S. and North Korea summit happen?
What did Trump probably think of South Korean leader Moon Jae-in?
What did Kim probably think of Trump's tie?
What did Ronald Reagan want torn down?
Benedict Rogers believes tearing down prison walls is similar to what?
What does Trump think of Reagan
Ronald Reagan probably thought Communism was:
What does Kim probably think about religious freedoms?
Who called the leader of the Soviet Union to tear down the Berlin Wall?
After the summit, Bard Adams will probably believe that sanctions:
Why does Rogers urge Trump to be like Reagan?
When did the last UN resolution pertaining to North Korean human rights take place?
What must happen in order for human rights to be part of it?
Who is urging Trump to try to be like Reagan in regards to fighting for religious freedoms?
When do rights activists hope Trump will confront Kim?
Benedict Rogers probably thinks that Trump:
How long did it probably take the US to convince the Soviet Union to tear down the Berlin Wall?
What is probably true about Trump?
Why is Pompeo meeting Kim Yong Choi?
After the end of the story, Rogers probably:
How long will the Singapore Summit last?
Why did Moon meet with Kim in April?
Why was North Korea upset at the US?
What is probably true about Trump?
After the end of the story Trump probably does what?
When did Moon Jae-in urge the North Korean leader Kim Jong Un to try to repair relations and have a summit?
What is probably true about Moon?
Where was the meeting between Kim and Moon?
What did Kim probably think about Moon meeting with him after Trump cancelled the summit?
Who canceled the Singapore Summit?
Moon probably thinks that the US:
How long did the meeting between Kim and Moon likely last?
Who cancelled a summit with North Korea because of the hostility coming from North Korea over denuclearization demands?
Who requested a meeting between Kim and Moon after Trump canceled the Singapore Summit on June 12?
The meeting between Kim and Moon after Trump cancelled the June 12th summit in Singapore probably lasted how long?
When did North Korea request the meeting between Kim and Moon?
At the end of the text, Trump is probably:
How does Trump probably feel about Ghadafi?
How does Trump feel towards Kim?
What is probably true of Mike Pence?
What does Trump probably think of Kim Jong Un?
After the end of the story with Trump cancelling the summit what probably happened?
Why did Trump cancel the North Korean summit with the US?
After Trump canceled the U.S.-North Korea nuclear summit, how did the North Koreans view this?
How long will Kim Jong Un be leader of North Korea?
How does Mike Pence probably feel about Donald Trump?
Who did Trump blame for his cancelling the summit with North Korea?
What is probably true about Libyan leader Muammar Gaddafi?
When did Kim Kye Gwan say that his country remains open to resolving problems with the United States?
Who issued a conciliatory statement about Trump?
What is the U.S. trying to obtain from North Korea?
Trump probably believes that :
Why did the U.S. cancel the nuclear summit with North Korea?
How long after Trump cancels the summit with North Korea, does he contact them to consider meeting with them?
Who said his country remains open to resolving problems with the US in a statement released by the KCNA?
When did Trump cancel the US-North Korea nuclear summit?
What does Pence think about Choe Son Hui after his comments about Pence being a political dummy?
Who hopes that the shut down of Punggye-ri will be an opportunity for denuclearization?
When did North Korea shut down its Punggye-ri nuclear test site?
When did North Korea finish six nuclear tests?
Why did North Korea shut down its Punggye-ri nuclear test site?
After the end of the story, North Korea probably:
Who did Noh Kyu-duk speak for?
Who called off a meeting with North Korea just before they shut down their Punggye-ri nuclear test site?
Who had a nuclear test site at Punggye-ri?
Trump probably felt how about North Korea shutting down its Punggye-ri nuclear test site on Thursday?
What is probably true about Noh Kyu-duk?
Why did North Korea shut down its Punggye-ri test site?
After the end of this article, Kim Jong Un probably is
What is probably true about Trump?
What did North Korea probably think about denuclearizing?
How long did it take to shut down the nuclear testing site?
Jeffrey Lewis probably believes that
Probably how long was Jeffrey Lewis' interview with Vice News?
What is Kim Jong Un plan with the United States?
Who will meet with President Donald Trump in Washington on Tuesday to discuss the upcoming Trump-Kim summit?
When did Kim Jong Un and President Moon Jae-in declare a new era of peace at a summit?
What did Kim Jong Un think of his visit to South Korea?
North Korea probably thinks what about US's demands regarding nuclear disarmament?
Why will Trump meet with President Moon Tuesday?
Why did North Korea suspend working-level bilateral talks last week?
What did Trump probably think of the upcoming summit with Kim?
What news agency expressed North Korea's anger at the US last week?
What is probably true about Moon's thoughts on nuclear disarmament of North Korea?
After the end of this story, President Moon Jae-in probably is:
Where is Kim Jong Un supposed to meet with Trump on June 12?
How long will it take for North Korea, South Korea, and the US to come to a resolution?
Why did Trump say that the Libya model did not apply to North Korea?
At the end of the story, Trump and Kim probably:
How long will Moon's meeting with Trump probably last on Tuesday?
When did Kim Jong Un threaten to end peace talks with South Korea and the US?
Who is the North Korean leader?
How does Kim Jong Un feel about being denuclearized the way Libya was?
Why does Trump want North Korea to denuclearize?
Who will make an attempt to mediate with North Korea?
When will Trump meet with Kim Jong Un again?
Where will Trump meet with Kim Jung Un?
How could Kim help his country become very rich?
The talks between Trump, President Moon, and Kim Jong Un will probably last:
After the end of the story what will probably still be true?
'Who's country was Stoltenberg told by someone would be very rich?
How long have Moon and  Kim dealt with each other?
Who recently threatened to pull out of the upcoming nuclear summit?
North Korea's threat to not attend the nuclear meeting was made:
After the end of the story, Kim Jong Un is probably:
What did President Moon probably think of his visit with Trump?
Why is Moon probably a key in initiating talks with Kim?
President Moon probably believe that:
What does Trump probably believe Kim will decided?
Kim probably believes the US's unilateral nuclear deal is:
What is probably true about Trump?
What did the vice minister probably think about the US wanting North Korea to disband the nuclear arsenal?
Why was Kim Kye Kwan upset at KCNA?
After the end of the story Trump and Kim Jong Un probably:
After this article, North Korea probably regretted
How long will the sanctions last if the summit doesn't happen?
Who expressed indignation?
Who is meeting for a summit on June 12?
When did North Korea threaten to pull out of the summit?
What will happen if North Korea pulls out of the summit?
Trump probably believes that North Korea:
Why is Bolton most likely taking a hard stance?
When did Kim Jong Un agree to meet with Donald Trump?
What countries began a two-week Max Thunder exercise last week?
Why did North Korea pull out of the upcoming summit?
What is probably true about North Korea's take on Trump's sanctions?
The author most likely thinks that:
What did Kwan think of Bolton's comments?
How long did Kim Kye Kwan's statement on Wednesday take?
Why is the WFP leader interested in the Summit?
How long does it take to get to North Korea?
How does Beasley feel about the sanctions?
What program is David Beasley in charge of?
What does Trump think about North Korean sanctions?
Beasley's trip to North Korea restricted territory probably lasted
Who met with North Korea leadership in hopes of turning a new chapter
What has caused the severe sanctions on North Korea?
What is probably true of Kim Jong Un?
David Beasley probably believes
Why is the United Nation considering increasing humanitarian aid
Who is flying to Singapore to met leaders there?
When is the Summit expected to happen?
Why does Kim Jung Un want to meet with Trump?
When did David Beasley visit North Korea?
After the end of the story, David Beasley probably is
What did David Beasley think about his trip to North Korea?
After the Summit, what will Beasley do?
What title does Mike Pompeo hold?
How long as Mike Pompeo been Secretary of State?
What country is Andrei Lankov an expert on?
The interview of Mike Pompeo on Fox News Sunday probably lasted
What is probably true of Mike Pompeo?
What is likely Kim's favorite food?
After the Trump-Kim summit, how will Kim be viewed by Americans?
What was the Secretary of state wearing during his visit to Pyongyang?
After the end of this story, Mike Pompeo probably is:
The economic analyst believes that:
Why did North Korea release the prisoners?
When did Mike Pompeo go to Pyongyang?
What did Mike Pompeo think of his trip?
Who stated that North Korea needs enormous amounts of electricity?
Why did Kim commit to denuclearize North Korea?
Andrei Lankov probably believes:
Who met with Kim Jong Un
When did the Secretary of State return from Pyongyang
When did former conservative President Park Geun-hye get impeached for bribery and corruption?
What assistance did the Moon administration comply with?
Why did president moon pursue diplomacy?
How long has Pres. Moon been working on his diplomacy?
How does the people of South Korea feel about the decision President Moon made about having economic sanctions in place?
After former President Park went to jail, how will the public feel about President Moon's decision about establishing peace with North Korea?
What was happening when Pres. Moon took office?
After the end of this story, Pres. Moon probably:
Who is Bong Young-shik?
Who gave diplomacy another chance to succeed?
The writer of this article most likely believes that:
How long did it take to convict former President Park for abuse of power, coercion and bribery?
What is most likely true about President Moon?
What main issue does President Moon constantly want to address during his speeches?
What did Pres. Mont think of his diplomacy efforts?
How did President Trump feel about the impeachment of former President Park?
Why did President Moon decide to run for presidential election after the impeachment of former President Park?
What reason led to former President Park abusing their power and using bribery?
When did trump decide to withdraw from the Iran nuclear agreement?
What country possesses 20 to 60 nuclear warheads?
What does Cha think about the US policy reversal on Iran?
What is probably true about Iran's possession of nuclear weapons?
What is probably true about John Bolton
What does John Bolton think of the Iran nuclear deal
Victor Cha probably believes that:
What topics did Bolton think North Korea would discuss with the US in the future?
Who announced the US is ending participation with JCPOA from 2015?
What job does John Bolton have?
Who does not think the North Koreas would not take the US leaving the Iran deal one what or the other
How long did Cha probably speak at a CSIS conference?
After the end of the story Cha is probably:
Why did Bolton say the US's decision to reimpose sanctions on Iran will set a higher standard for North Korea nuclear talks?
After the end of this story, Victor Cha probably is
Cha's speech at the CSIS conference probably lasted
Why did the US leave the Iran nuclear agreement?
When did Trump end his participation in the 2015 Iran dead?
Kim Jung un probably believes that:
what can be said about Moon Jae-in?
When did the sanctions on North Korea get imposed?
The international sanctions ban an estimated 90% of what country's trade?
Who wants sanctions lifted from North Korea?
What is Kim Jung Un wearing to the summit?
how does Kim Jong Un probably feel about Moon Jae-in?
how many nuclear missiles does North Korea have?
when did North Korea suspend nuclear tests?
after the summit, how will the public view North Korea?
What does Kim Jung un probably think of Minister Dong -yeon's clothing?
why is North Korea willing to give up it's nuclear weapons?
Why does South Korea want economic projects with North Korea?
At the end of the Summit Kim Jung un will:
who met at the inter-Korean summit?
Who is trying to get sanctions lifted?
The Summit will last how long?
how long was the inter-Korean summit?
After the end of the story, Moon probably feels...
How long did the leaders spend posing for pictures?
Why did the leaders meet at the border?
When did Moon cross the border into North Korea?
How did Moon probably feel about stepping into North Korea?
Why did Kim Jong Un address the issue of committing to denuclearization?
The embrace between Kim Jong Un and President Moon Jae-in probably lasted:
What did Kim wear for his photos with Moon?
How did Kim feel about the historic meeting?
After the end of the story, President Moon Jae-in probably is:
Who was greeted by Moon from the South Korean side of the border?
The Inter-Korean Summit bagan:
Where is the historic site, where the Korean War armistice was signed in 1953?
What did Kim Jong Un probably think of his visit to South Korea?
How did Moon probably feel about the Panmunjom declaration?
What is probably true about Kim Jong Un?
Which attendee said they were committed to denuclearization and peace?
How does Kim Jong Un probably feel about President Moon Jae-in?
How long will it take to pose for pictures?
What is the most probable reason President Moon Jae-in will hold a welcoming ceremony for Kim Jong Un?
What does South Korea probably feel they should do with North Korea?
Why will Kim Jong Un cross the military demarcation line dividing North and South Korea?
When did Kim Yong Chol order the sinking of the Cheonan?
What is Kim Yong Chol responsible for?
At the end of the story, Kim Jong Un probably is:
Who will cross the military demarcation line that divides the two Koreas at the village of Panmunjom?
What does Kim Jong Un probably think about visiting South Korea?
Who recently traveled with Kim when he visited the Chinese President?
When will the leaders of North and South Korea meet?
What will Kim Jong Un and his family think of their trip to South Korea?
After the end of this story, Kim Jong Un probably is:
What will Kim Jong Un probably be wearing during pictures with Moon Jae-in?
Where is the historic site where the Korean War armistice was signed in 1953?
How long will the visit between the two leaders last?
President Moon Jae-in probably believes that:
Why will Kim Jong Un be meeting with President Moon Jae-in on the South Korea?
Joseph Parkas likely believes that:
What is likely true about Bob McElroy after the events of the narrative?
What is Bob McElroy's job?
What does Bob McElroy think about Camp Humphreys
Which of the following is probably true about Camp Humphreys?
Who met and married Mi-jung?
Puskas's daughter's soccer game probably lasted
Why is the U.S. military consolidated its forces in Camp Humphreys?
When did the narrative mention which tour Puskas was on?
Why is Camp Humphreys the primary base situated in South Korea?
Where is Camp Humphreys located?
After the end of the story, Joseph Puskas probably is:
Who is the lieutenant colonel of interest in the story?
How long does the Puskas family usually attend church for?
What is probably true about Puskas?
When did Joseph Puskas make his fourth tour?
What is likely true about Camp Humphreys?
Bob McElroy probably believes:
How long will the meeting between Trump and Kim probably last?
Trump probably believes:
Who is the Secretary of State nominee?
Who sent a large delegation to the Pyeongchang Winter games?
After the story, Mike Pompeo is likely
Who departed from his normal behavior by sending a delegation to the Olympics?
Where did Mike Pompeo meet with Kim Jong Un?
What was the likely reason for Mike Pompeo's visit to Pyongyang?
How long did Mike Pompeo's meeting with Kim Jong-Un last?
President Moon likely believes
Why does Trump want to hold the meeting before the election?
What does Trump think of his talks with North Korea
After the end of this story, Trump probably is
When was there a major change in North Korea's behavior?
When will the meeting between Trump and Kim Jong Un be held
What is probably true about Lee Sang-hyun?
Why did the North Korea leader engage in denuclearization talks?
What is a likely motivation for North Korea participating in the summit?
Who did Trump use force against?
How long will the summit most likely take?
What is probably true of South Korea?
What does political analyst most likely believe?
How will the Syrian attack change Kim Jong Un?
What did Kim most likely think of the alleged Syrian attack?
How long will the summit last?
Who needs to abandon their nuclear program?
Who or what will keep the nuclear program if it thinks that its regime is not guaranteed?
What is probably true about Kim Hyun-wook?
After the summit, what will probably happen if North Korea does not come to an agreement with America?
Why did Syria have its chemical weapons facilities fired upon?
Why would the attack send a message to North Korea?
What does Trump think of the potential summit?
When will the Trump-Kim summit take place?
Why did Trump want to attack Syria?
What is happening in late May or early June
What happened that caused the U.S. missile strikes on Syria?
How long did the ceremony last?
After the end of the story, General Howerton probably is
Who's belief was it that the tree would bind the countries together?
The tree planting ceremony probably lasted
Why did the start of the drills get delayed this year?
How does South Korea probably feel about The US?
When did The US Second Infantry Division hold a tree planting service?
Which two countries are joined in military exercises?
Where was the tree planted?
Why did the US plant a tree?
When was a public tree planting ceremony held at Camp Casey?
What does South Korea's leader think of Donald Trump?
The general probably believes that
XXXXXXXXXXXXX What is probably true of the US and South Korea?
Who is the deputy commander of the US 2nd Infantry Division?
What did Howerton think of the military drills?
What kind of tree did they plant at Camp Casey?
After this week at Camp Casey, South Korea is probably
What topic do moderate Republicans want to debate?
When do lawmakers return to Washington?
What is probably true about Jeff Dunham?
What do DACA recipients probably want from the discussions?
House Leadership probably thinks that:
When did moderate republicans oppose House leadership?
How long has the debate over DACA been going on?
After the 11-day holiday recess, Congress probably will:
Who said he was prepared to move the votes if the talks break down?
The leaders of the petition probably think that
How long will it take for the House to debate the immigration bill?
What party does Jeff Denham belong to?
After the end of this story, moderate Republicans probably:
Where do the DACA recipients want to live?
Why is June 7 the absolute last moment to allow the petition to mature?
Whose party has slowly gained support for the measure?
Why is there a rush to get a vote?
How many cars does Jeff Dunham own?
Why do Kamala Harris and Sheila Jackson Lee disagree on the bill?
How long did voting on the bill in the House of Representatives last?
Where does the US rate of incarceration rank relative to the rest of the world?
What does Rep. Hakeem Jeffries most likely believe about the bill's likelihood of passing the Senate, given the strong bipartisan support received in the House?
What country is trails the US and with the second highest incarceration rate in the world?
What does Cory Booker probably think of Donald Trump?
Who argued that the First Step Act was the initial act needed to wipe out the scourge of  mass incarceration in the US?
After failing to block passage of the bill in the House, what is most likely still true about what office is held by Democratic Senator Kamala Harris?
What position did House Judiciary Chairman Bob Goodlatte take with respect to the vote on the bill?
When did several Democratic senators send a letter to their colleagues arguing against implementation of the First Step Act bill?
When did the Senate act on the reform bill?
Who believes the legislation passing is the first step towards eradicating the cancer of mass incarceration?
What political entity passed the bill?
When would the reform bill probably reach the president's desk?
After the end of the story, what would Donald Trump hope the Senate does?
Why were some Democratic Senators opposed to passage of the First Step Act?
What is probably true about Bob Goodlatte?
What does Donald Trump probably think about the $50 million that will be spent on prison reform.
What is a conservative voting bloc?
At the end of this story, the group of Renegrade Repbulicans are probably:
After the story what will conservatives do with the immigration bill?
Who said they would exchange the farm bill vote for the immigration bill vote?
What is probably true about Paul Ryan?
The vote for the Farm bill probably lasted
What was Paul Ryan's mother's name?
Why were House conservatives defeated on a farm bill?
What is probably true about the immigration bill?
when did Republicans try to force a vote on immigration reform?
Why was the Farm bill rejected?
How long did people vote for farm bill?
When would Donald Trump receive the Farm Bill
Who tried to get the immigration bill to the House floor?
How does Paul Ryan feel about the petition?
What does trump think of the Goodlatte bill?
House freedom caucus probably believes:
Who did Republicans try to force a vote on immigration?
Why did DACA collapse?
The entire immigration issue probably has lasted for:
What is probably true about the House of Representatives?
Who was freed from political considerations?
What did Trump likely think about DACA?
Ryan probably believes that he should:
When did Trump call for a legislative fix?
After the end of this story, DACA probably is:
Why was Ryan criticized?
Who thinks it's important to come up with a solution that the president can support?
Trump will likely continue to:
Republican Mia Love probably thinks that:
What did DACA probably think of Trump?
The DACA probably lasted:
What is likely true about the Republicans?
Who originated the DACA program?
When did 10 Republicans sign onto a petition?
What issue had all but died after a DACA fix collapsed?
What does the Pentagon say is the reason for U.S. military action in Syria?
How did President Trump probably feel upon learning of the casualties caused by the U.S. airstrikes in Syria?
How long did Trump's speech last for?
Who believes the Trump Administration has issued contradictory statements?
After the Syrian air strikes, U.S. lawmakers are probably:
When did the airstrikes on Syria occur?
Who is responsible for the violence of the Syrian regime?
How does the writer feel about Syrian plans?
How long did it take for the U.S. to respond to Syria's use of chemical weapons?
Why were the airstrikes ordered by Trump?
What is probably true about the political climate in Syria?
How does the Syrian President probably feel about the U.S. involvement?
What is Assad currently doing to provoke reaction?
Why did the Trump administration order Syrian airstrikes?
What hearing is being held this Wednesday?
After Wednesdays hearing, Trump will have:
How many were killed via the airstrike?
When did the Trump administration order airstrikes in Syria?
Carolyn Maloney probably has what opinion of the new census question?
Who announced the addition of the immigration question to the census?
Why did Maloney believe that the census was important?
What did Wilbur Ross announce?
Who said the citizenship data was needed to enforce laws?
When did democrats complain?
The memo by Wilbur Ross is probably how long?
What did Trump probably think of the addition?
What committee does Maloney co-chair?
After the end of this story, Maloney is probably
When did the Trump admin add a question about citizenship to the census?
How does Maloney probably feel about including a citizenship question?
What did Wilbur Ross have for breakfast the morning of the memo release?
After the story, who mentioned likely changed their minds about the question?
How long did it take Ross to write the memo?
What is probably true about Ross
Why were democrats worried about the question?
Senator Ted Cruz probably is a what based on his support?
Based on President Trump's tweet and previous funding request, how long did the previous government shutdown last?
House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi probably feels what way towards President Trump's choices?
How long has Trump been president?
Trump probably believes that:
When did the House of Representatives approve the new bill?
What will happen is Trump does not sign the legislation bill to become a law?
How long did it probably take for Republicans and Democrats to negotiate the bill?
After Trump's Twitter post, citizens of the US are probably feeling what way towards Trump?
After the end of this story, Pelosi is:
Who is the House Minority Leader?
Who arrived in the US as children?
What does Nancy Pelosi think about Trump?
When did Trump tweet about a possible veto?
What is Trump probably sitting while writing this tweet?
Who was in favor of the bill?
Which governmental party probably supports the border wall that President Trump wants to build?
Why is it so important for this new bill to be signed into law?
Why is Trump going to veto the bill?
What did Trump probably think of his US-Mexico border wall project?
How does Paul probably feel about the bill?
Reading the 2,200 page bill took:
After the end of this story, the US-Mexico border will have:
When did the house move closer to avoiding a stoppage?
After the end of the story, the Senate is probably
Who's immigration agenda has funding for limited parts of it?
How long did it probably take the house to approve deal?
What legislation rebuilds the US military?
When did Trump talk about building the US-Mexican border wall?
What issue did Rand address?
House Speaker Paul Ryan probably believes that:
Why was there still a possibility of a shutdown?
What is probably true of Paul?
What is probably true about Trump?
Why did the spending plan provide $1.6 million?
What promise did the president make?
How long did Trump think the senate review would take?
The senator's statement lasted:
Why was Trump's plan on steel tariffs criticized?
Why did the Senate Democrats support proposed tariffsj
What the supporters of the plan saying?
After the end of this story, the plan probably is:
What will happen if the tariffs aren't passed?
When was Trump's plan criticized?
Who argues against the benefits to the steel and aluminum workers?
What did Trump probably think of his plan?
Who is in favor of Pres. Trump's planned tariffs?
After the tariffs, what will happen?
The tariffs could affect American businesses for how long?
The writer of this article probably thinks?
Who has being most critical of the plan?
What is probably true about Trump?
The plan's supporters probably believes that:
What is most likely true about Pres. Trump?
Why is there most likely support for Pres. Trump's tariffs?
